Exhibit 99.1 November 19, 2025 For 6:00 a.m. ET Release LOWE’S REPORTS THIRD QUARTER 2025 SALES AND EARNINGS RESULTS — Diluted EPS of $2.88; Adjusted Diluted EPS 1 of $3.06 — — Comparable Sales increased 0.4% — — Updates Full Year 2025 Outlook — MOORESVILLE, N.C., Nov. 19, 2025 – Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (NYSE: LOW) today reported net earnings of $1.6 billion and diluted earnings per share (EPS) of $2.88 for the quarter ended Oct. 31, 2025, compared to diluted EPS of $2.99 in the third quarter of 2024. During the third quarter, the company recognized $129 million in pre-tax expenses associated with the acquisitions of Foundation Building Materials (FBM) and Artisan Design Group (ADG). Excluding these expenses, third quarter 2025 adjusted diluted EPS 1 increased 5.9% to $3.06 compared to the prior-year adjusted diluted EPS 1 . Total sales for the quarter were $20.8 billion, compared to $20.2 billion in the prior-year quarter. Comparable sales for the quarter increased 0.4%, driven by 11.4% online sales growth, double-digit growth in home services and continued growth in Pro sales. “The company delivered another quarter of positive comp sales, and we’re pleased to start November with positive comps as well, despite headwinds related to hurricane activity in the prior year. With the closing of the FBM acquisition last month, we look forward to enhancing our offering to Pro customers and creating more sustainable, long-term sales and profit expansion for the company,” said Marvin R. Ellison, Lowe’s chairman, president and CEO. “I would like to thank our associates for their hard work and dedication to the business.” As of Oct. 31, 2025, Lowe’s operated 1,756 stores, representing 195.8 million square feet of retail selling space. Capital Allocation The company remains committed to a disciplined capital allocation strategy focused on driving long-term shareholder value. During the quarter, the company invested $8.8 billion for the acquisition of FBM and paid $673 million in dividends. 1 Adjusted diluted earnings per share is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures Reconciliation” section of this release for additional information, as well as reconciliations between the company’s GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. Lowe’s Business Outlook The company is updating its outlook for the operating results of full year 2025 to reflect the ongoing uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment. The updated outlook also includes expectations for FBM. Adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin and adjusted diluted EPS are non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the transaction costs, purchase accounting adjustments and intangible asset amortization related to the acquisition of FBM and ADG. The company does not provide a reconciliation for non-GAAP estimates on a forward-looking basis where it is unable to provide a meaningful or accurate calculation or estimation of reconciling items (which may be significant) without unreasonable effort. Full Year 2025 Outlook • Total sales of $86.0 billion (previously $84.5 to $85.5 billion) • Comparable sales expected to be flat as compared to prior year (previously flat to up +1%) • Adjusted operating income as a percentage of sales (adjusted operating margin) of 12.1% (previously 12.2% to 12.3%) • Net interest expense of approximately $1.4 billion (previously $1.3 billion) • Effective income tax rate of approximately 24.0% (previously 24.5%) • Adjusted diluted earnings per share of approximately $12.25 (previously $12.20 to $12.45) • Capital expenditures of up to $2.5 billion A conference call to discuss third quarter 2025 operating results is scheduled for today, Wednesday, Nov. 19, at 9 a.m. ET. The conference call will be available by webcast and can be accessed by visiting Lowe’s website at ir.lowes.com and clicking on Lowe’s Third Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call Webcast. Supplemental slides will be available prior to the start of the conference call. A replay of the call will be archived at ir.lowes.com. Lowe’s Companies, Inc. Lowe's Companies, Inc. (NYSE: LOW) is a FORTUNE® 100 home improvement company serving approximately 16 million customer transactions a week, with total fiscal year 2024 sales of more than $83 billion. Lowe's employs approximately 300,000 associates and operates over 1,700 home improvement stores, 530 branches and 130 distribution centers. Based in Mooresville, N.C., Lowe's supports the communities it serves through programs focused on creating safe, affordable housing, improving community spaces, helping to develop the next generation of skilled trade experts and providing disaster relief to communities in need. For more information, visit Lowes.com. Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This press release includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements including words such as “believe”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “plan”, “desire”, “project”, “estimate”, “intend”, “will”, “should”, “could”, “would”, “may”, “strategy”, “potential”, “opportunity”, “outlook”, “scenario”, “guidance”, and similar expressions are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve, among other things, expectations, projections, and assumptions about future financial and operating results, objectives (including objectives related to environmental and social matters), business outlook, priorities, sales growth, shareholder value, capital expenditures, cash flows, the housing market, the home improvement industry, demand for products and services including customer acceptance of new offerings and initiatives, macroeconomic conditions and consumer spending, share repurchases, and Lowe’s strategic initiatives, including those relating to acquisitions and dispositions and the impact of such transactions on our strategic and operational plans and financial results. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, and we can give no assurance that they will prove to be correct. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. A wide variety of potential risks, uncertainties, and other factors could materially affect our ability to achieve the results either expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements including, but not limited to, changes in general economic conditions, such as volatility and/or lack of liquidity from time to time in U.S. and world financial markets and the consequent reduced availability and/or higher cost of borrowing to Lowe’s and its customers, slower rates of growth in real disposable personal income that could affect the rate of growth in consumer spending, inflation and its impacts on discretionary spending and on our costs, shortages, and other disruptions in the labor supply, interest rate and currency fluctuations, home price appreciation or decreasing housing turnover, age of housing stock, the availability of consumer credit and of mortgage financing, trade policy changes or additional tariffs, outbreaks of pandemics, fluctuations in fuel and energy costs, inflation or deflation of commodity prices, natural disasters, geopolitical or armed conflicts, acts of both domestic and international terrorism, and other factors that can negatively affect our customers. Investors and others should carefully consider the foregoing factors and other uncertainties, risks and potential events including, but not limited to, those described in “