Exhibit 99.1 Zoom Video Communications Reports Financial Results for the Second Quarter of Fiscal Year 2025 • Second quarter total revenue of $1,162.5 million, up 2.1% year over year as reported and 2.4% in constant currency • Second quarter Enterprise revenue of $682.8 million, up 3.5% year over year • Second quarter GAAP operating margin of 17.4% and non-GAAP operating margin of 39.2% • Second quarter operating cash flow of $449.3 million, up 33.7% year over year • Repurchased approximately 4.8 million shares of common stock in Q2 San Jose, California – August 21, 2024 – Zoom Video Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ: ZM), today announced financial results for the second fiscal quarter ended July 31, 2024. “In Q2, we outperformed our guidance across the board and grew operating cash flow and free cash flow by 33.7% and 26.2% year over year, respectively, demonstrating our continued commitment to efficient growth. We also saw strength in large accounts, with customers contributing more than $100,000 in trailing 12 months revenue increasing by 7.1% year over year, and resilience in our Online business, with Online average monthly churn reaching its lowest ever rate,” said Eric S. Yuan, Zoom founder, and CEO. “Zoom Contact Center racked up several marquee customers, including its largest single order deal to-date, highlighting our ability to win competitive deals for full scale, customer-facing deployments with our higher-end packages that utilize advanced AI features to enhance agent performance.” Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2025 Financial Highlights: • Revenue: Total revenue for the second quarter was $1,162.5 million, up 2.1% year over year. Adjusting for foreign currency impact, revenue in constant currency was $1,166.1 million, up 2.4% year over year. Enterprise revenue was $682.8 million, up 3.5% year over year, and Online revenue was $479.7 million, flat year over year. • Income from Operations and Operating Margin: GAAP income from operations for the second quarter was $202.4 million, compared to GAAP income from operations of $177.6 million in the second quarter of fiscal year 2024. After adjusting for stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes, acquisition-related expenses, restructuring expenses, and litigation settlements, net, non-GAAP income from operations for the second quarter was $455.5 million, compared to non-GAAP income from operations of $461.7 million in the second quarter of fiscal year 2024. For the second quarter, GAAP operating margin was 17.4% and non-GAAP operating margin was 39.2%. • Net Income and Diluted Net Income Per Share: GAAP net income for the second quarter was $219.0 million, or $0.70 per share, compared to GAAP net income of $182.0 million, or $0.59 per share, in the second quarter of fiscal year 2024. Non-GAAP net income for the second quarter was $436.4 million, after adjusting for stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes, gains on strategic investments, net, acquisition-related expenses, restructuring expenses, litigation settlements, net, and the tax effects on non-GAAP adjustments. Non-GAAP net income per share was $1.39. In the second quarter of fiscal year 2024, non-GAAP net income was $409.6 million, or $1.34 per share. • Cash and Marketable Securities: Total cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, excluding restricted cash, as of July 31, 2024 was $7.5 billion. • Cash Flow: Net cash provided by operating activities was $449.3 million for the second quarter, compared to $336.0 million in the second quarter of fiscal year 2024, up 33.7% year over year. Free cash flow, which is net cash provided by operating activities less purchases of property and equipment, was $365.1 million, compared to $289.4 million in the second quarter of fiscal year 2024, up 26.2% year over year. Customer Metrics: Drivers of total revenue included acquiring new customers. At the end of the second quarter of fiscal year 2025, Zoom had: • 3,933 customers contributing more than $100,000 in trailing 12 months revenue, up approximately 7.1% from the same quarter last fiscal year. • Approximately 191,600 Enterprise customers. • A trailing 12-month net dollar expansion rate for Enterprise customers of 98%. • Online average monthly churn of 2.9% for the second quarter, down 30 bps from the second quarter fiscal year 2024. • The percentage of total Online MRR from Online customers with a continual term of service of at least 16 months was 74.4%, up 160 bps year over year. Financial Outlook: Zoom is providing the following guidance for its third quarter of fiscal year 2025 and its full fiscal year 2025. • Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2025: Total revenue is expected to be between $1.160 billion and $1.165 billion and revenue in constant currency is expected to be between $1.162 billion and $1.167 billion. Non-GAAP income from operations is expected to be between $438.0 million and $443.0 million. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be between $1.29 and $1.31 with approximately 314 million weighted average shares outstanding. • Full Fiscal Year 2025: Total revenue is expected to be between $4.630 billion and $4.640 billion and revenue in constant currency is expected to be between $4.641 billion and $4.651 billion. Full fiscal year non-GAAP income from operations is expected to be between $1.790 billion and $1.800 billion. Full fiscal year non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be between $5.29 and $5.32 with approximately 316 million weighted average shares outstanding. Full fiscal year free cash flow is expected to be between $1.580 billion and $1.620 billion. The EPS and share count figures do not include the impact from $1.062 billion of authorized share repurchase remaining as of July 31, 2024. Additional information on Zoom's reported results, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP results to their most comparable GAAP measures, is included in the financial tables below. A reconciliation of non-GAAP guidance measures to corresponding GAAP measures is not available on a forward-looking basis without unreasonable effort due to the uncertainty of expenses that may be incurred in the future, although it is important to note that these factors could be material to Zoom's results computed in accordance with GAAP. A supplemental financial presentation and other information can be accessed through Zoom’s investor relations website at investors.zoom.us. Zoom Video Earnings Call Zoom will host a Zoom Video Webinar for investors on August 21, 2024 at 2:00 p.m. Pacific Time / 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time to discuss the company’s financial results, business highlights and financial outlook. Investors are invited to join the Zoom Video Webinar by visiting: https://investors.zoom.us/ About Zoom Zoom’s mission is to provide one platform that delivers limitless human connection. Reimagine teamwork with Zoom Workplace — Zoom’s open collaboration platform with AI Companion empowers teams to be more productive. Together with Zoom Workplace, Zoom’s Business Services for sales, marketing, and customer care teams, including Zoom Contact Center, strengthen customer relationships throughout the customer lifecycle. Founded in 2011, Zoom is publicly traded (NASDAQ:ZM) and headquartered in San Jose, California. Get more information at zoom.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains express and implied “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding Zoom's financial outlook for the third quarter of fiscal year 2025 and full fiscal year 2025, Zoom’s market position, opportunities, and growth strategy, product initiatives, go-to-market motions and the expected benefits resulting from the same, market trends, and Zoom's stock repurchase program. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “might,” “plan,” “project,” “will,” “would,” “should,” “could,” “can,” “predict,” “potential,” “target,” “explore,” “continue,” or the negative of these terms, and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. By their nature, these statements are subject to numerous uncertainties and risks, including factors beyond our control, that could cause actual results, performance or achievement to differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the statements, including: declines in new customers, renewals or upgrades, or decline in demand for our platform, difficulties in evaluating our prospects and future results of operations given our limited operating history, competition from other providers of communications platforms, the effect of macroeconomic conditions on our business, including inflation and market volatility, lengthened sales cycles with large organizations, delays or outages in services from our co-located data centers, failures in internet infrastructure or interference with broadband access, compromised security measures, including ours and those of the third parties upon which we rely, and global security concerns and their potential impact on regional and global economies and supply chains. Additional risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements are included under the caption “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in our most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), including our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 30, 2024. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date the statements are made and are based on information available to Zoom at the time those statements are made and/or management's good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events. Zoom assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made, except as required by law. Non-GAAP Financial Measures Zoom has provided in this press release financial information that has not been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (“GAAP”). Zoom uses these non-GAAP financial measures internally in analyzing its financial results and believes that use of these non-GAAP financial measures is useful to investors as an additional tool to evaluate ongoing operating results and trends and in comparing Zoom’s financial results with other companies in its industry, many of which present similar non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP financial measures and should be read only in conjunction with Zoom’s condensed consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of Zoom’s historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures has been provided in the financial statement tables included in this press release, and investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation. Non-GAAP Income from Operations and Non-GAAP Operating Margin. Zoom defines non-GAAP income from operations as income from operations excluding stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes, acquisition-related expenses, restructuring expenses, and litigation settlements, net. Zoom excludes stock-based compensation expense because it is non-cash in nature and excluding this expense provides meaningful supplemental information regarding Zoom’s operational performance and allows investors the ability to make more meaningful comparisons between Zoom’s operating results and those of other companies. Zoom excludes the amount of employer payroll taxes related to employee stock plans, which is a cash expense, in order for investors to see the full effect that excluding stock-based compensation expense had on Zoom's operating results. In particular, this expense is…