Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On October 22, 2020, Intel Corporation (“Intel”) issued a press release announcing the financial results of its third quarter ended September 26, 2020 and forward-looking statements relating to its fourth quarter of 2020 and full year 2020. A copy of this press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference herein. The attached press release includes non-GAAP financial measures relating to our operations and forecasted outlook. Certain of these non-GAAP measures will be used in Intel’s earnings conference for the third quarter of 2020. In addition, the attached press release includes reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, as well as an explanation of how management uses these non-GAAP measures and the reasons why management views these measures as providing useful information for investors. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP, and the financial results calculated in accordance with GAAP and reconciliations to these results should be carefully evaluated. The information in

Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference herein. The attached press release includes non-GAAP financial measures relating to our operations and forecasted outlook. Certain of these non-GAAP measures will be used in Intel’s earnings conference for the third quarter of 2020. In addition, the attached press release includes reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, as well as an explanation of how management uses these non-GAAP measures and the reasons why management views these measures as providing useful information for investors. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP, and the financial results calculated in accordance with GAAP and reconciliations to these results should be carefully evaluated. The information in