Exhibit 99.2 Analog Devices Reports First Quarter Fiscal 2020 Results • Revenue of $1.3 billion, in-line with our expectations for the first quarter • Operating cash flow of $2.2 billion and free cash flow of $2.0 billion on a trailing twelve months basis • Returned over $300 million to shareholders in the first quarter through dividends and share repurchases • Increased quarterly dividend by 15%, the high-end of target range of 7% to 15% NORWOOD, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--February 19, 2020 --Analog Devices, Inc. (Nasdaq: ADI), a leading global high-performance analog technology company, today announced financial results for its first quarter of fiscal 2020, which ended February 1, 2020. “ADI’s first quarter results were in-line with our expectations. Encouragingly, demand across our end markets has stabilized and is beginning to show signs of improvement as we enter our fiscal second quarter,” said Vincent Roche, President and CEO. “We are building on this momentum by executing on our 2020 priorities – deepening our customer-centricity, deploying our capital efficiently, and capitalizing on secular trends to expand our addressable markets and drive diversified growth. Further, we raised our quarterly dividend by 15%, reflecting the stability of our cash flows and our optimism regarding ADI’s future.” Roche continued, “I believe the demand for ADI’s solutions will be unprecedented as technological innovation underpinned by ubiquitous sensing, hyper-scale and edge computing, and pervasive connectivity continues to grow at an exponential pace. Our diversified business model combined with our leading technology portfolio position ADI to deliver sustainable long-term growth and strong shareholder returns in the years ahead.” Performance for the First Quarter of Fiscal 2020 Results Summary (1) (in millions, except per-share amounts and percentages) Three Months Ended Feb. 1, 2020 Feb. 2, 2019 Change Revenue $ 1,304 $ 1,541 (15) % Gross margin $ 848 $ 1,040 (18) % Gross margin percentage 65.1 % 67.5 % (240 bps) Operating income $ 273 $ 456 (40) % Operating margin 21.0 % 29.6 % (860 bps) Diluted earnings per share $ 0.55 $ 0.95 (42) % Adjusted Results Adjusted gross margin $ 893 $ 1,083 (18) % Adjusted gross margin percentage 68.5 % 70.3 % (180 bps) Adjusted operating income $ 481 $ 635 (24) % Adjusted operating margin 36.9 % 41.2 % (430 bps) Adjusted diluted earnings per share $ 1.03 $ 1.33 (23) % Three Months Ended Trailing Twelve Months Cash Generation Feb. 1, 2020 Feb. 1, 2020 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 350 $ 2,231 % of revenue 27 % 39 % Capital expenditures $ (55) $ (239) Free cash flow $ 295 $ 1,992 % of revenue 23 % 35 % Three Months Ended Trailing Twelve Months Cash Return Feb. 1, 2020 Feb. 1, 2020 Dividend paid $ (199) $ (799) Stock repurchases (106) (492) Total cash returned $ (305) $ (1,291) (1) The sum and/or computation of the individual amounts may not equal the total due to rounding. Outlook for the Second Quarter of Fiscal Year 2020 For the second quarter of fiscal 2020, we are forecasting revenue of $1.35 billion, +/- $50 million. While the effects of the coronavirus are difficult to estimate and the situation remains dynamic, we have reduced our revenue guidance by $70 million to account for its potential impact. At the midpoint of this revenue outlook, we expect reported operating margins of approximately 26.0%, +/-150 bps, and adjusted operating margins of approximately 37.5%, +/-100 bps. We are planning for reported EPS to be $0.73, +/-$0.08, and adjusted EPS to be $1.10, +/-$0.08. Our second quarter fiscal 2020 outlook is based on current expectations and actual results may differ materially, as a result of, among other things, the important factors discussed at the end of this release. These statements supersede all prior statements regarding our business outlook set forth in prior ADI news releases, and ADI disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. The adjusted results and adjusted anticipated results above are financial measures presented on a non-GAAP basis. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are provided in the financial tables included in this press release. See also “Non-GAAP Financial Information” section for additional information. Dividend Payment The ADI Board of Directors has declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.62 per outstanding share of common stock. The dividend will be paid on March 10, 2020 to all shareholders of record at the close of business on February 28, 2020. Conference Call Scheduled for Today, Wednesday, February 19, 2020 at 10:00 am ET ADI will host a conference call to discuss our first quarter fiscal 2020 results and short-term outlook today, beginning at 10:00 am ET. Investors may join via webcast, accessible at investor.analog.com, or by telephone (call 800-859-9560, or 706-634-7193 for international calls, ten minutes before the call begins and provide the password "ADI"). A replay will be available two hours after the completion of the call. The replay may be accessed for up to two weeks by dialing 855-859-2056 (replay only) and providing the conference ID: 7263078, or by visiting investor.analog.com. Non-GAAP Financial Information This release includes non-GAAP financial measures that are not in accordance with, nor an alternative to, generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and may be different from non-GAAP measures presented by other companies. In addition, these non-GAAP measures are not based on any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles. These non-GAAP measures have material limitations in that they do not reflect all of the amounts associated with the Company’s results of operations as determined in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, the Company’s financial results presented in accordance with GAAP. The Company’s use of non-GAAP measures, and the underlying methodology when including or excluding certain items, is not necessarily an indication of the results of operations that may be expected in the future, or that the Company will not, in fact, record such items in future periods. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP are provided in the financial tables included in this release. Management uses non-GAAP measures internally to evaluate the Company’s operating performance from continuing operations against past periods and to budget and allocate resources in future periods. These non-GAAP measures also assist management in evaluating the Company’s core business and trends across different reporting periods on a consistent basis. Management also uses these non-GAAP measures as the primary performance measurement when communicating with analysts and investors regarding the Company’s earnings results and outlook and believes that the presentation of these non-GAAP measures is useful to investors because it provides investors with the operating results that management uses to manage the Company and enables investors and analysts to evaluate the Company’s core business. Management also believes that the non-GAAP liquidity measure free cash flow is useful both internally and to investors because it provides information about the amount of cash generated after capital expenditures that is then available to repay debt obligations, make investments and fund acquisitions, and for certain other activities. The non-GAAP financial measures referenced by ADI in this release include: adjusted gross margin, adjusted gross margin percentage, adjusted operating expenses, adjusted operating expenses percentage, adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, adjusted income before income taxes, adjusted provision for income taxes, adjusted tax rate, adjusted diluted earnings per share (EPS), free cash flow, and free cash flow margin percentage. Adjusted gross margin is defined as gross margin, determined in accordance with GAAP, excluding certain acquisition-related expenses 1 which are described further below . Adjusted gross margin percentage represents adjusted gross margin divided by revenue. Adjusted operating expenses is defined as operating expenses, determined in accordance with GAAP, excluding: certain acquisition-related expenses 1 ; restructuring related expense 2 ; and charitable foundation contribution 3 which are described further below. Adjusted operating expenses percentage represents adjusted operating expenses divided by revenue. Adjusted operating income is defined as operating income, determined in accordance with GAAP, excluding: acquisition-related expenses 1 ; restructuring related expense 2 ; and charitable foundation contribution 3 which are described further below. Adjusted operating margin represents adjusted operating income divided by revenue. Adjusted income before income taxes is defined as income before income taxes, determined in accordance with GAAP, excluding: acquisition-related expenses 1 ; restructuring related expense 2 ; and charitable foundation contribution 3 which are described further below. Adjusted provision for income taxes is defined as provision for income taxes, determined in accordance with GAAP, excluding tax related items 4 which are described further below. Adjusted tax rate represents adjusted provision for income taxes divided by adjusted income before income taxes. Adjusted diluted EPS is defined as diluted EPS, determined in accordance with GAAP, excluding: acquisition-related expenses 1 ; restructuring related expense 2 ; charitable foundation contribution 3 ; and tax related items 4 which are described further below. Free cash flow is defined as net cash provided by operating activities, determined in accordance with GAAP, less additions to property, plant and equipment, net. Free cash flow margin percentage represents free cash flow divided by revenue. 1 Acquisition-Related Expenses : Expenses incurred as a result of current and prior period acquisitions and primarily include expenses associated with the fair value adjustments to inventory, property, plant and equipment and amortization of acquisition related intangibles, which include acquired intangibles such as purchased technology and customer relationships. Expenses also include severance payments, equity award accelerations, and the fair value adjustment associated with the replacement of share-based awards related to the Linear Technology acquisition. We excluded these costs from our non-GAAP measures because they relate to specific transactions and are not reflective of our ongoing financial performance. 2 Restructuring-Related Expense : Expenses incurred in connection with facility closures, consolidation of manufacturing facilities, severance, other accelerated stock-based compensation expense and other cost reduction efforts. We excluded these expenses from our non-GAAP measures because apart from ongoing expense savings as a result of such items, these expenses have no direct correlation to the operation of our business in the future. 3 Charitable Foundation Contribution : Expenses incurred in connection with a one time contribution of registered shares of common stock to the Analog Devices Foundation. We excluded this expense from our non-GAAP measures because this expense has no direct correlation to the operation of our business in the future. 4 Tax-Related Items : Income tax effect of the non-GAAP items discussed above and income tax from certain discrete tax items related to the impact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. We excluded these tax-related items from our non-GAAP measures because they are not associated with the tax expense on our current operating results. About Analog Devices Analog Devices (Nasdaq: ADI) is a…