Exhibit 99.1 For Immediate Release UPS RELEASES 1Q 2022 EARNINGS • Consolidated Revenues of $24.4B, Up 6.4% from Last Year • Consolidated Operating Profit of $3.3B, Up 17.6% from Last Year; Up 12.1% on an Adjusted* Basis • Diluted EPS of $3.03; Adjusted Diluted EPS Up 10.1% Over Last Year to $3.05 • Reaffirms Full-Year 2022 Financial Guidance; Raises Targeted Share Repurchases to $2B for 2022 ATLANTA – April 26, 2022 – UPS (NYSE:UPS) today announced first-quarter 2022 consolidated revenue of $24.4 billion, a 6.4% increase over the first quarter of 2021. Consolidated operating profit was $3.3 billion, up 17.6% compared to the first quarter of 2021, and up 12.1% on an adjusted basis. Diluted earnings per share were $3.03 for the quarter; adjusted diluted earnings per share of $3.05 were 10.1% above the same period in 2021. For the first quarter of 2022, GAAP results include a net charge of $19 million, or $0.02 per diluted share, comprised of after-tax transformation and other charges of $43 million offset by an after-tax gain of $24 million resulting from the curtailment of benefits in a Canadian retirement plan. “I want to thank all UPSers for their outstanding efforts during a challenging first quarter to serve the needs of our customers,” said Carol Tomé, UPS chief executive officer. “The agility of our network and the continued execution of our strategy delivered another quarter of strong financial performance, putting us on our way to achieving our 2022 consolidated financial targets.” U.S. Domestic Segment 1Q 2022 Adjusted 1Q 2022 1Q 2021 Adjusted 1Q 2021 Revenue $15,124M $14,010M Operating profit $1,662M $1,705M $1,359M $1,463M • Revenue grew 8.0%, driven by a 9.5% increase in revenue per piece. • Operating margin was 11.0%; adjusted operating margin was 11.3%. International Segment 1Q 2022 Adjusted 1Q 2022 1Q 2021 Adjusted 1Q 2021 Revenue $4,876M $4,607M Operating profit $1,116M $1,120M $1,085M $1,091M • Revenue increased 5.8%, driven by a 10.5% increase in revenue per piece. • Operating margin was 22.9%; adjusted operating margin was 23.0%. Supply Chain Solutions 1 1Q 2022 Adjusted 1Q 2022 1Q 2021 Adjusted 1Q 2021 Revenue $4,378M $4,291M Operating profit $473M $481M $321M $395M 1 Consists of operating segments that do not meet the criteria of a reportable segment under ASC Topic 280 – Segment Reporting. • Revenue increased 2.0%, led by Forwarding, which grew $517 million, or 25%. • Operating margin was 10.8%; adjusted operating margin was 11.0%. 2022 Outlook The company provides guidance on an adjusted (non-GAAP) basis because it is not possible to predict or provide a reconciliation reflecting the impact of future pension mark-to-market adjustments or other unanticipated events, which would be included in reported (GAAP) results and could be material. For 2022, UPS reaffirms its full-year financial targets: • Consolidated revenue of about $102 billion • Consolidated adjusted operating margin of approximately 13.7% • Adjusted return on invested capital above 30% • Capital expenditures of 5.4% of revenue, or approximately $5.5 billion • Dividend payments, subject to board approval, of about $5.2 billion Finally, UPS is announcing its plans to double the amount of share repurchases for 2022, taking the target to $2 billion for the year. * “ Adjusted” amounts and return on invested capital (ROIC) are non-GAAP financial measures. See the appendix to this release for a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, including a reconciliation to the most closely correlated GAAP measure. Contacts: UPS Media Relations: 404-828-7123 or pr@ups.com UPS Investor Relations: 404-828-6059 (option 4) or investor@ups.com # # # Conference Call Information UPS CEO Carol Tomé and CFO Brian Newman will discuss first-quarter results with investors and analysts during a conference call at 8:30 a.m. ET, April 26, 2022. That call will be open to others through a live Webcast. To access the call, go to www.investors.ups.com and click on “Earnings Conference Call.” Additional financial information is included in the detailed financial schedules being posted on www.investors.ups.com under “Quarterly Earnings and Financials” and as filed with the SEC as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K. About UPS UPS (NYSE: UPS) is one of the world’s largest companies, with 2021 revenue of $97.3 billion, and provides a broad range of integrated logistics solutions for customers in more than 220 countries and territories. Focused on its purpose statement, “Moving our world forward by delivering what matters,” the company’s 534,000 employees embrace a strategy that is simply stated and powerfully executed: Customer First. People Led. Innovation Driven. UPS is committed to reducing its impact on the environment and supporting the communities we serve around the world. UPS also takes an unwavering stance in support of diversity, equality, and inclusion. More information can be found at www.ups.com , about.ups.com and www.investors.ups.com . Forward-Looking Statements This release and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission contain and in the future may contain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements other than those of current or historical fact, and all statements accompanied by terms such as “will,” “believe,” “project,” “expect,” “estimate,” “assume,” “intend,” “anticipate,” “target,” “plan,” and similar terms, are intended to be forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are made subject to the safe harbor provisions of the federal securities laws pursuant to Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. From time to time, we also include written or oral forward-looking statements in other publicly disclosed materials. Forward-looking statements may relate to our intent, belief, forecasts of, or current expectations about our strategic direction, prospects, future results, or future events; they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Management believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made. However, caution should be taken not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements because such statements speak only as of the date when made and the future, by its very nature, cannot be predicted with certainty. Forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our historical experience and our present expectations or anticipated results. These risks and uncertainties, include, but are not limited to the impact of: continued uncertainties related to the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations, financial performance and liquidity, our customers and suppliers, and on the global economy; changes in general economic conditions, in the U.S. or internationally; industry evolution and significant competition; changes in our relationships with our significant customers; our ability to attract and retain qualified employees; increased or more complex physical or data security requirements, or any data security breach; strikes, work stoppages or slowdowns by our employees; results of negotiations and ratifications of labor contracts; our ability to maintain our brand image and corporate reputation; disruptions to our information technology infrastructure; global climate change; interruptions in or impacts on our business from natural or man-made events or disasters including terrorist attacks, epidemics or pandemics; exposure to changing economic, political and social developments in international markets; our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from acquisitions, dispositions, joint ventures or strategic alliances; changing prices of energy, including gasoline, diesel and jet fuel, or interruptions in supplies of these commodities; changes in exchange rates or interest rates; our ability to accurately forecast our future capital investment needs; significant expenses and funding obligations relating to employee health, retiree health and/or pension benefits; our ability to manage insurance and claims expenses; changes in business strategy, government regulations, or economic or market conditions that may result in impairments of our assets; potential additional U.S. or international tax liabilities; increasingly stringent laws and regulations, including relating to climate change; potential claims or litigation related to labor and employment, personal injury, property damage, business practices, environmental liability and other matters; and other risks discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 and subsequently filed reports. You should consider the limitations on, and risks associated with, forward-looking statements and not unduly rely on the accuracy of predictions contained in such forward-looking statements. We do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events, circumstances, changes in expectations, or the occurrence of unanticipated events after the date of those statements. Information, including comparisons to prior periods, may reflect adjusted results. See the appendix for reconciliations of adjusted results and other non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of GAAP and Non-GAAP Financial Measures From time to time we supplement the reporting of our financial information determined under generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") with certain non-GAAP financial measures. These include: "adjusted" compensation and benefits; operating expenses; earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (“EBITDA”); operating profit; operating margin; other income and (expense); income before income taxes; income tax expense; effective tax rate; net income; and earnings per share. We present revenue and revenue per piece on a constant currency basis. Additionally, we disclose free cash flow, return on invested capital (“ROIC”) and the ratio of adjusted total debt to adjusted EBITDA. We believe that these non-GAAP measures provide meaningful information to assist users of our financial statements in more fully understanding our financial results and cash flows and assessing our ongoing performance, because they exclude items that may not be indicative of, or are unrelated to, our underlying operations and may provide a useful baseline for analyzing trends in our underlying businesses. These non-GAAP measures are used internally by management for business unit operating performance analysis, business unit resource allocation and in connection with incentive compensation award determinations. Non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, and not as an alternative for, our reported results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our adjusted financial information does not represent a comprehensive basis of accounting. Therefore, our adjusted financial information may not be comparable to similarly titled information reported by other companies. Transformation and Other Charges Adjusted EBITDA, operating profit, operating margin, income before income taxes, net income and earnings per share may exclude the impact of charges related to transformation activities, goodwill and asset impairments, and divestitures. Changes in Foreign Currency Exchange Rates and Hedging Activities Currency-neutral revenue, revenue per piece and operating profit exclude the period over period impact of foreign currency exchange rate changes and any foreign currency hedging activities. These measures are calculated by dividing current period reported U.S. dollar revenue, revenue per piece and operating profit by the current period average exchange rates to derive current period local currency revenue, revenue per piece and operating profit. The…