Item 2.02. Results of Operations and Financial Condition The information in this report is being furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act, and shall not be incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing by PayPal Holdings, Inc., or the company, under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language contained in such filing, unless otherwise expressly stated in such filing. On April 25, 2018 , PayPal Holdings, Inc. announced its financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2018 . A copy of the company's press release announcing its financial results and certain other information is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. The attached press release includes the following financial measures defined as “non-GAAP financial measures” by the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC: non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP earnings per diluted share, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP effective tax rate and free cash flow. For an explanation of the foregoing non-GAAP measures, please see “Non-GAAP Measures of Financial Performance” included in the attached press release. These measures may be different from non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies. The presentation of this financial information, which is not prepared under any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles, is not intended to be considered in isolation of, or as a substitute for, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please see “Non-GAAP Measures of Financial Performance,” “Reconciliation of GAAP Operating Margin to Non-GAAP Operating Margin,” “Reconciliation of GAAP Net Income to Non-GAAP Net Income, GAAP Diluted EPS to Non-GAAP Diluted EPS and GAAP Effective Tax Rate to Non-GAAP Effective Tax Rate,” and “Reconciliation of Operating Cash Flow to Free Cash Flow and Adjusted Free Cash Flow” included in the attached press release. The attached press release also contains forward-looking statements relating to, among other things, the future results of operations, financial condition, expectations and plans of the company that reflect PayPal's current projections and forecasts. A more thorough discussion of certain factors that could adversely affect PayPal's results of operations, financial condition, expectations and plans or that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in forward-looking statements is included under the captions “Risk Factors” and “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, copies of which may be obtained by visiting the company's investor relations web site at https://investor.paypal-corp.com or the SEC's web site at www.sec.gov. All information in the attached press release is as of April 25, 2018 . Undue reliance should not be placed on the forward-looking statements in the attached press release, which are based on information available to the company on the date hereof. The company assumes no obligation to update such forward-looking statements.

Exhibit 99.1 to this report. The attached press release includes the following financial measures defined as “non-GAAP financial measures” by the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC: non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP earnings per diluted share, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP effective tax rate and free cash flow. For an explanation of the foregoing non-GAAP measures, please see “Non-GAAP Measures of Financial Performance” included in the attached press release. These measures may be different from non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies. The presentation of this financial information, which is not prepared under any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles, is not intended to be considered in isolation of, or as a substitute for, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please see “Non-GAAP Measures of Financial Performance,” “Reconciliation of GAAP Operating Margin to Non-GAAP Operating Margin,” “Reconciliation of GAAP Net Income to Non-GAAP Net Income, GAAP Diluted EPS to Non-GAAP Diluted EPS and GAAP Effective Tax Rate to Non-GAAP Effective Tax Rate,” and “Reconciliation of Operating Cash Flow to Free Cash Flow and Adjusted Free Cash Flow” included in the attached press release. The attached press release also contains forward-looking statements relating to, among other things, the future results of operations, financial condition, expectations and plans of the company that reflect PayPal's current projections and forecasts. A more thorough discussion of certain factors that could adversely affect PayPal's results of operations, financial condition, expectations and plans or that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in forward-looking statements is included under the captions “Risk Factors” and “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, copies of which may be obtained by visiting the company's investor relations web site at https://investor.paypal-corp.com or the SEC's web site at www.sec.gov. All information in the attached press release is as of April 25, 2018 . Undue reliance should not be placed on the forward-looking statements in the attached press release, which are based on information available to the company on the date hereof. The company assumes no obligation to update such forward-looking statements.