Exhibit 99.1 Innovation at the speed of life Danaher Reports Third Quarter 2025 Results WASHINGTON D.C., October 21, 2025 -- Danaher Corporation (NYSE: DHR) (the “Company”) today announced results for the quarter ended September 26, 2025. Key Third Quarter 2025 Results • Net earnings were $908 million, or $1.27 per diluted common share and non-GAAP adjusted diluted net earnings per common share were $1.89. • Revenues increased 4.5% year-over-year to $6.1 billion and non-GAAP core revenue increased 3.0% year-over-year. • Operating cash flow was $1.7 billion and non-GAAP free cash flow was $1.4 billion. Rainer M. Blair, President and Chief Executive Officer, stated, “We are encouraged by our third quarter results. DBS-driven execution paired with continued momentum in our bioprocessing business and better-than-anticipated respiratory revenue at Cepheid enabled us to exceed our revenue, earnings and cash flow expectations.” Mr. Blair continued, “We remain intensely focused on delivering value for our customers, associates, and shareholders. We’re investing in breakthrough innovation, enhancing our commercial execution, and driving meaningful productivity gains across our businesses. We believe these efforts will strengthen our long-term competitive position and help to solve some of the world’s most difficult healthcare challenges.” Full Year 2025 Outlook The Company does not reconcile Non-GAAP forecasted core sales growth and adjusted diluted net earnings per common share to their respective, comparable measure prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) (except for estimated amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets of $1.7 billion for the year ending December 31, 2025 and the estimated impact of foreign currency on sales, which for the full year 2025 is estimated to increase sales by 1.0%, assuming the currency exchange rates in effect as of September 26, 2025) because the additional elements that would be reflected in any such GAAP measures (such as the impact of currency exchange rates on profitability, acquisitions, divested product lines, discrete tax adjustments, impairments, gains and losses on investments and the outcome of legal proceedings) are difficult to predict and estimate and are often dependent on future events that may be uncertain or outside of our control. The impact of these additional elements could be material to our results computed in accordance with GAAP. For full year 2025, the Company is maintaining its full year adjusted diluted net earnings per common share guidance range of $7.70 to $7.80. This includes an expectation that non-GAAP core revenue will grow low-single digits year-over-year for the full year 2025. Conference Call and Webcast Information Danaher will discuss its third quarter results and financial guidance for the fourth quarter and full year 2025, including as applicable key assumptions with respect thereto, during its investor conference call today starting at 8:00 a.m. ET. The call and an accompanying slide presentation will be webcast on the “Investors” section of Danaher’s website, www.danaher.com, under the subheading “Events & Presentations.” A replay of the webcast will be available in the same section of Danaher’s website shortly after the conclusion of the presentation and will remain available until the next quarterly earnings call. The conference call can be accessed by dialing 800-245-3047 within the U.S. or by dialing +1 203-518-9765 outside the U.S. a few minutes before the 8:00 a.m. ET start and telling the operator that you are dialing in for Danaher’s earnings conference call (Conference ID: DHRQ325). A replay of the conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call and until November 4, 2025. You can access the replay dial-in information on the “Investors” section of Danaher’s website under the subheading “Events & Presentations.” ABOUT DANAHER Danaher is a leading global life sciences and diagnostics innovator, committed to accelerating the power of science and technology to improve human health. Our businesses partner closely with customers to solve many of the most important health challenges impacting patients around the world. Danaher's advanced science and technology - and proven ability to innovate - help enable faster, more accurate diagnoses and help reduce the time and cost needed to sustainably discover, develop and deliver life-changing therapies. Focused on scientific excellence, innovation and continuous improvement, our approximately 63,000 associates worldwide help ensure that Danaher is improving quality of life for billions of people today, while setting the foundation for a healthier, more sustainable tomorrow. Explore more at www.danaher.com. 1 NON-GAAP MEASURES AND SUPPLEMENTAL MATERIALS In addition to the financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, this earnings release also contains non-GAAP financial measures. Calculations of these measures, explanations of what these measures represent and the reasons why we believe these measures provide useful information to investors, a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, where applicable, and other information relating to these non-GAAP measures are included in the supplemental reconciliation schedule attached. In addition, our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the third quarter of 2025, this earnings release, the slide presentation accompanying the related earnings call, non-GAAP reconciliations and a note containing details of historical and anticipated, future financial performance have been posted to the “Investors” section of Danaher’s website (www.danaher.com). FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Statements in this release that are not strictly historical, including the statements regarding the Company’s anticipated financial results for the fourth quarter and full year 2025, Danaher’s long-term competitive positioning, and any other statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future are "forward-looking" statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. There are a number of important factors that could cause actual results, developments and business decisions to differ materially from those suggested or indicated by such forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. These factors include, among other things: the impact of tariffs and related actions implemented by the U.S. and other countries, the impact of our debt obligations on our operations and liquidity, deterioration of or instability in the global economy, the markets we serve and the financial markets, uncertainties with respect to the development, deployment, and use of artificial intelligence in our business and products, the impact of global health crises, uncertainties relating to national laws or policies, including laws or policies to protect or promote domestic interests and/or address foreign competition, contractions or growth rates and cyclicality of markets we serve, competition, our ability to develop and successfully market new products and technologies and expand into new markets, the potential for improper conduct by our employees, agents or business partners, our compliance with applicable laws and regulations (including rules relating to off-label marketing and other regulations relating to medical devices and the healthcare industry), the results of our clinical trials and perceptions thereof, our ability to effectively address cost reductions and other changes in the healthcare industry, our ability to successfully identify and consummate appropriate acquisitions and strategic investments, our ability to integrate the businesses we acquire and achieve the anticipated growth, synergies and other benefits of such acquisitions, contingent liabilities and other risks relating to acquisitions, investments, strategic relationships and divestitures (including tax-related and other contingent liabilities relating to past and future IPOs, split-offs or spin-offs), security breaches or other disruptions of our information technology systems or violations of data privacy laws, the impact of our restructuring activities on our ability to grow, risks relating to potential impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets, currency exchange rates, tax audits and changes in our tax rate and income tax liabilities, changes in tax laws applicable to multinational companies, litigation, regulatory proceedings and other contingent liabilities including intellectual property and environmental, health and safety matters, the rights of the United States government with respect to our production capacity in times of national emergency or with respect to intellectual property/production capacity developed using government funding, risks relating to product, service or software defects, product liability and recalls, risks relating to our manufacturing operations, the impact of climate change, legal or regulatory measures to address climate change and other sustainability topics and our ability to address regulatory requirements or stakeholder expectations relating to climate change and other sustainability topics, risks relating to fluctuations in the cost and availability of the supplies we use (including commodities) and labor we need for our operations, our relationships with and the performance of our channel partners, uncertainties relating to collaboration arrangements with third-parties, the impact of deregulation on demand for our products and services, labor matters and our ability to recruit, retain and motivate talented employees, U.S. and non-U.S. economic, political, geopolitical, legal, compliance, social and business factors (including the impact of elections, regulatory changes or uncertainty, government shutdowns and military conflicts), disruptions and other impacts relating to man-made and natural disasters, inflation and the impact of our By-law exclusive forum provisions. Additional information regarding the factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements is available in our SEC filings, including our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the third quarter of 2025. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this release and except to the extent required by applicable law, the Company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events and developments or otherwise. CONTACT John T. Bedford, Vice President, Investor Relations, investor.relations@danaher.com Danaher Corporation, 2200 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., Suite 800W, Washington, D.C. 20037, Telephone: (202) 828-0850, Fax: (202) 828-0860 2 DANAHER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS ($ and shares in millions, except per share amounts) (unaudited) Three-Month Period Ended Nine-Month Period Ended September 26, 2025 September 27, 2024 September 26, 2025 September 27, 2024 Sales $ 6,053 $ 5,798 $ 17,730 $ 17,337 Cost of sales (2,530) (2,397) (7,173) (7,021) Gross profit 3,523 3,401 10,557 10,316 Operating costs: Selling, general and administrative expenses (1,991) (2,060) (6,209) (5,736) Research and development expenses (378) (383) (1,160) (1,142) Operating profit 1,154 958 3,188 3,438 Nonoperating income (expense): Other income (expense), net (14) 102 (135) 7 Interest expense (67) (87) (210) (217) Interest income 3 4 17 103 Earnings before income taxes 1,076 977 2,860 3,331 Income taxes (168) (159) (443) (518) Net earnings $ 908 $ 818 $ 2,417 $ 2,813 Net earnings per common share: Basic $ 1.28 $ 1.13 $ 3.38 (a) $ 3.83 Diluted $ 1.27 $ 1.12 $ 3.37 (a) $ 3.80 (a) Average common stock and common equivalent shares outstanding: Basic 710.7 723.0 714.5 733.8…