EXHIBIT 99.1 Document Visa Reports Fiscal Third Quarter 2025 Results San Francisco, CA, July 29, 2025 – Visa (NYSE: V) • GAAP net income of $5.3B or $2.69 per share and non-GAAP net income of $5.8B or $2.98 per share • Net revenue of $10.2B, an increase of 14% on a nominal and constant-dollar basis • Growth in payments volume, cross-border volume and processed transactions was strong • Share repurchases and dividends of $6.0B Income Statement Summary In billions, except percentages and per share data. % change is calculated over the comparable prior-year period. Q3 2025 Ryan McInerney , Chief Executive Officer, Visa, commented on the results: USD % Change Net Revenue $10.2 14% "Visa delivered another strong quarter, with 14% net revenue growth, 12% GAAP EPS growth and 23% non-GAAP EPS growth. Healthy business driver trends continued through the quarter and into the first few weeks of July. Consumer spending remains resilient, with continued strength in discretionary and non-discretionary growth in the U.S. Looking ahead, our continued focus on innovation and product development in dynamic areas like AI and stablecoins is helping to shape the future of commerce while delivering sustainable, long-term value for our shareholders." GAAP Net Income $5.3 8% GAAP Earnings Per Share $2.69 12% Non-GAAP Net Income (1) $5.8 19% Non-GAAP Earnings Per Share (1) $2.98 23% (1) Refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures for further details and a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP measures presented. Key Business Drivers YoY increase / (decrease), volume in constant dollars Q3 2025 Payments Volume 8% Cross-Border Volume Excluding Intra-Europe (2) 11% Cross-Border Volume Total 12% Processed Transactions 10% (2) Cross-border volume excluding transactions within Europe. Fiscal Third Quarter 2025 — Financial Highlights GAAP net income in the fiscal third quarter was $5.3 billion or $2.69 per share, an increase of 8% and 12%, respectively, over prior year’s results. Current year's results included a special item of $615 million for a litigation provision associated with the interchange multidistrict litigation ("MDL") case and other legal matters. Current year's results also included $35 million of net losses from equity investments and $73 million from the amortization of acquired intangible assets and acquisition-related costs. Prior year’s results included special items of $118 million related to the release of the indirect tax reserve previously recognized in fiscal 2021, $67 million related to the donation of investment securities to Visa Foundation, and $10 million for a litigation provision associated with the MDL case. Prior year’s results also included $22 million of net losses from equity investments and $76 million from the amortization of acquired intangible assets and acquisition-related costs. Excluding these items and related tax impacts, non-GAAP net income for the quarter was $5.8 billion or $2.98 per share, increases of 19% and 23%, respectively, over prior year’s results (refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures for further details). GAAP earnings per share growth was approximately 12% on a constant-dollar basis, which excludes the impact of foreign currency fluctuations against the U.S. dollar. Non-GAAP earnings per share growth was approxima tely 23% on a constant-dollar basis. All references to earnings per share assume fully diluted class A share count. Net revenue in the fiscal third quarter was $10.2 billion, an increase of 14%, driven by the year-over-year growth in payments volume, cross-border volume and processed transactions. Net revenue increased 14% on a constant-dollar basis. Payments volume for the three months ended March 31, 2025, on which fiscal third quarter service revenue is recognized, increased 8% over the prior year on a constant-dollar basis. Payments volume for the three months ended June 30, 2025 increased 8% over the prior year on a constant-dollar basis. Cross-border volume excluding transactions within Europe, which drives our international transaction revenue, increased 11% on a constant-dollar basis for the three months ended June 30, 2025. Total cross-border volume on a constant-dollar basis increased 12% in the quarter. Total processed transactions, which represent transactions processed by Visa, for the three months ended June 30, 2025, were 65.4 billion, a 10% increase over the prior year. Fiscal third quarter service revenue was $4.3 billion, an increase of 9% over the prior year, and is recognized based on payments volume in the prior quarter. All other revenue categories are recognized based on current quarter activity. Data processing revenue rose 15% over the prior year to $5.2 billion. International transaction revenue grew 14% over the prior year to $3.6 billion. Other revenue of $1.0 billion rose 32% over the prior year. Client incentives were $4.0 billion, up 13% over the prior year. GAAP operating expenses were $4.0 billion for the fiscal third quarter, a 35% increase over the prior year's results, primarily driven by increases in the litigation provision and personnel expenses. GAAP operating expenses included the special items as well as the amortization of acquired intangible assets and acquisition-related costs in the current and prior year. Excluding these items, non-GAAP operating expenses increased 13% over the prior year, primarily driven by increases in personnel, general and administrative, and depreciation and amortization expenses. GAAP non-operating income was $156 million for the fiscal third quarter, including $35 million of net equity investment losses. Excluding this item, non-GAAP non-operating income was $191 million. GAAP effective income tax rate was 16.7% for the quarter ended June 30, 2025. Excluding the related tax impacts from the non-GAAP items noted above, the non-GAAP effective income tax rate was 17.3% for the quarter ended June 30, 2025. Cash, cash equivalents and investment securities were $20.4 billion at June 30, 2025. The weighted-average number of diluted shares of class A common stock outstanding was 1.96 billion for the quarter ended June 30, 2025. 2 Other Notable Items On May 15, 2025, Visa issued fixed-rate senior notes in an aggregate principal amount of €3.5 billion with maturities ranging between 3 and 19 years, and interest rates from 2.250% to 3.875%. The Company intends to use the net proceeds for general corporate purposes, which may include, among other things, the refinancing of existing indebtedness. During the three months ended June 30, 2025, Visa repurchased approximately 14 million shares of class A common stock at an average cost of $349.24 per share for $4.8 billion. The Company had $29.8 billion of remaining authorized funds for share repurchases as of June 30, 2025. On July 29, 2025, the board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.590 per share of class A common stock (determined in the case of all other outstanding common and preferred stock on an as-converted basis) payable on September 2, 2025, to all holders of record as of August 12, 2025. Fiscal Third Quarter 2025 Earnings Results Call Details Visa’s executive management team will host a live audio webcast beginning at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time (2:00 p.m. Pacific Time) today to discuss the financial results and business highlights. All interested parties are invited to listen to the live webcast at investor.visa.com . A replay of the webcast will be available on the Visa Investor Relations website for 30 days. Investor information, including supplemental financial information and operational performance data, is available on the Visa Investor Relations website at investor.visa.com . 3 Forward-Looking Statements This document contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that relate to, among other things, our future operations, prospects, developments, strategies, business growth, anticipated timing and benefits of our acquisitions, and financial outlook. Forward-looking statements generally are identified by words such as “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “may,” “projects,” “outlook,” “could,” “should,” “will,” “continue” and other similar expressions. All statements other than statements of historical fact could be forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made, are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond our control and are difficult to predict. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, our forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: • impact of complex and evolving global regulations; • increased scrutiny and regulation of the global payments industry; • impact of government-imposed obligations and/or restrictions on international payments systems; • impact of laws and regulations regarding the handling of personal data, including privacy, cybersecurity and AI; • impact of tax examinations or disputes, or changes in tax laws; • outcome of litigation or investigations; • intense competition in our industry; • dependence on our client and merchant base, which may be costly to win, retain and develop; • continued push to lower acceptance costs and challenge industry practices; • dependence on relationships with financial institutions, acquirers, processors, merchants, payment facilitators, ecommerce platforms, fintechs and other third parties; • our inability to maintain and enhance our brand; • impact of global economic, political, market, health and social events or conditions; • our aspirations to address corporate responsibility and sustainability matters and considerations; • exposure to significant risk of loss or reduction of liquidity due to our indemnification obligation to fund settlement losses of our clients; • failure to anticipate, adapt to, or keep pace with, new technologies in the payments industry; • a disruption, failure or breach of our networks or systems, including as a result of cyber incidents or attacks; • risks, uncertainties and the failure to achieve the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions, joint ventures or strategic investments; • the conversions of our class B-1, B-2 and class C common stock or series A, B and C preferred stock into shares of class A common stock would result in voting dilution to, and could adversely impact the market price of, our existing class A common stock; • differing interests between holders of our class B-1, B-2 and C common stock and series A, B and C preferred stock compared to our class A common stock concerning certain significant transactions; and • other factors described in our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2024, and any subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. Except as required by law, we do not intend to update or revise any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. About Visa Visa (NYSE: V) is a world leader in digital payments, facilitating transactions between consumers, merchants, financial institutions and government entities across more than 200 countries and territories. Our mission is to connect the world through the most innovative, convenient, reliable and secure payments network, enabling individuals, businesses and economies to thrive. We believe that economies that include everyone everywhere, uplift everyone everywhere and see access as foundational to the future of money movement. Learn more at Visa.com. Contacts Investor Relations Jennifer Como, 650-432-7644 InvestorRelations@visa.com Media Relations Fletcher Cook, 650-432-2990 Press@visa.com 4 Fiscal Third Quarter 2025 — Financial Summary INCOME STATEMENT SUMMARY Three Months Ended June 30, 2025 YoY Change (in millions, except…