Exhibit 99.1 Booking Holdings Reports Financial Results for 3 rd Quarter 2023 NORWALK, CT – November 2, 2023. . . Booking Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: BKNG) (the "Company," "we," "our," or "us") today reported its third quarter 2023 financ ial results: • Gross travel bookings, which refers to the total dollar value, generally inclusive of taxes and fees, of all travel services booked by our customers, net of cancellations, were $39.8 billion, an increase of 24% from the prior-year quarter (approximately a 21% increase on a constant-currency basis). • Room nights booked increased 15% from the prior-year quarter. • Total revenues were $7.3 billion, an increase of 21% from the prior-year quarter (approximately an 18% increase on a constant-currency basis) . • Net income was $2.5 billion, an increase of 51% from the prior-year quarter. • Net income per diluted common share was $69.80, an increase of 66% from the prior-year quarter. • Non-GAAP net income was $2.6 billion, an increase of 24% from the prior-year quarter. • Non-GAAP net income per diluted common share was $72.32, an increase of 36% from the prior-year quarter. • Adjusted EBITDA was $3.3 billion, an increase of 24% from the prior-year quarter. The section below under the heading " Non-GAAP Financial Measures " provides definitions and information about the use of non-GAAP financial measures in this press release, and the attached financial and statistical supplement reconciles non-GAAP financial results with Booking Holdings' financial results under GAAP. "We are pleased to report record quarterly room nights, gross bookings, revenue, and net income driven by a strong summer travel season," said Glenn Fogel, Chief Executive Officer of Booking Holdings. "We are encouraged by the resilience of leisure travel demand, and we remain focused on executing against our key strategic priorities, which helps position our business well for the long term." 1 Non-GAAP Financial Measures The Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") and include all normal and recurring adjustments that management of the Company considers necessary for a fair presentation of its financial position and operating results. To supplement the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company uses the following non-GAAP financial measures: adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP net income (loss), non-GAAP net income (loss) per diluted common share and free cash flow (net cash provided by (used in) operating activities less capital expenditures). The presentation of non-GAAP financial information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. The Company uses non-GAAP financial measures for financial and operational decision-making and as a basis to evaluate performance and set targets for employee compensation programs. The Company believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are useful for analysts and investors to evaluate the Company's ongoing operating performance because they facilitate comparison of the Company's results for the current period and projected next-period results to those of prior periods and to those of its competitors (though other companies may calculate similar non-GAAP financial measures differently from those calculated by the Company). These non-GAAP financial measures, in particular adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP net income (loss) and free cash flow, are not intended to represent funds available for Booking Holdings' discretionary use and are not intended to represent or to be used as a substitute for operating income (loss), net income (loss) or net cash provided by (used in) operating activities as measured under GAAP. The items excluded from these non-GAAP measures, but included in the calculation of their closest GAAP equivalent, are significant components of the Company's consolidated statements of operations and cash flows and must be considered in performing a comprehensive assessment of overall financial performance. Non-GAAP net income (loss) is net income (loss) with the following adjustments: • excludes accruals related to settlements of certain indirect tax matters, • excludes the termination fee related to an acquisition agreement, • excludes significant losses on assets classified as held for sale, • excludes significant gains and losses on sale and leaseback transactions, • excludes gains and losses on equity securities with readily determinable fair values, • excludes the impact, if any, of significant gains and losses on the sale of and impairment and credit losses on investments in available-for-sale debt securities and significant gains and losses on the sale of and impairment and other valuation adjustments on investments in equity securities without readily determinable fair values, • excludes foreign currency transaction gains and losses on the remeasurement of Euro-denominated debt and accrued interest that are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes and debt-related foreign currency derivative instruments used as economic hedges, • excludes amortization expense of intangible assets, • excludes interest received on tax payments refunded pursuant to settlement with authorities, • excludes the impact of net unrecognized tax benefits related to certain income tax matters, and • the income tax impact of the non-GAAP adjustments mentioned above and changes in tax estimates, as applicable. In addition to the adjustments listed above regarding non-GAAP net income (loss), adjusted EBITDA excludes depreciation expense, interest expense, and to the extent not included in the adjustments listed above, interest and dividend income, and income tax expense (benefit). In the event the Company reports a GAAP net income but a non-GAAP net loss, dilutive shares that are included in the GAAP weighted-average number of diluted common shares outstanding are excluded from the non-GAAP weighted-average number of diluted common shares outstanding. In the event the Company reports a GAAP net loss but a non-GAAP net income, anti-dilutive shares that are excluded from the GAAP weighted-average number of diluted common shares outstanding are included in the non-GAAP weighted-average number of diluted common shares outstanding. We evaluate certain operating and financial measures on both an as-reported and constant-currency basis. We calculate constant currency by converting our current-year period results for transactions recorded in currencies 2 other than U.S. Dollars using the corresponding prior-year period monthly average exchange rates rather than the current-year period monthly average exchange rates. The attached financial and statistical supplement includes reconciliations of our financial results under GAAP to non-GAAP financial information for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 and 2022. We are not able to provide a reconciliation between forward-looking adjusted EBITDA and GAAP net income (loss) because we cannot predict certain components of such reconciliation without unreasonable effort as they arise from events in future periods. Information About Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements, which reflect the views of the Company's management regarding current expectations based on currently available information about future events. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties, such as: adverse changes in market conditions for travel services; the effects of competition; the Company's ability to manage growth and expand; the adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic; adverse changes in relationships with third parties on which the Company depends; success of the Company's marketing efforts; rapid technological and other market changes; the Company's ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; changes in the presentation of travel search results and the auctions for search placement; impacts of impairments and changes in accounting estimates; and other business and industry changes. Other risks and uncertainties relate to cyberattacks and information security; tax, legal, and regulatory risks; the Company's facilitation of payments; foreign currency exchange rates; financial risks relating to the Company's debt levels and stock price volatility; and the success of the Company's investments and acquisition strategy. For a detailed discussion of these and other risk factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements included in this press release, refer to the Company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and any subsequently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Unless required by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. We will be posting our prepared remarks to the Booking Holdings investor relations website after the conclusion of the earnings call. About Booking Holdings Inc. Booking Holdings (NASDAQ: BKNG) is the world's leading provider of online travel and related services, provided to consumers and local partners in more than 220 countries and territories through six primary consumer-facing brands: Booking.com , Priceline , Agoda , Rentalcars.com, KAYAK and OpenTable . The mission of Booking Holdings is to make it easier for everyone to experience the world. For more information, visit BookingHoldings.com and follow us on X (formerly known as Twitter) @BookingHoldings. ### For Press Information : Leslie Cafferty communications@bookingholdings.com For Investor Relations : John Longstreet ir@bookingholdings.com #BKNG_Earnings 3 Booking Holdings Inc. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In millions, except share and per share data) September 30, 2023 December 31, 2022 (Unaudited) ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 13,294 $ 12,221 Short-term investments (Available-for-sale debt securities: Amortized cost of $632 and $176, respectively) 624 175 Accounts receivable, net (Allowance for expected credit losses of $116 and $117, respectively) 3,447 2,229 Prepaid expenses, net 680 477 Other current assets 434 696 Total current assets 18,479 15,798 Property and equipment, net 733 669 Operating lease assets 643 645 Intangible assets, net 1,660 1,829 Goodwill 2,804 2,807 Long-term investments (Includes available-for-sale debt securities: Amortized cost of $576 at December 31, 2022) 420 2,789 Other assets, net 896 824 Total assets $ 25,635 $ 25,361 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' (DEFICIT) EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable $ 3,020 $ 2,507 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 4,182 3,244 Deferred merchant bookings 3,717 2,223 Short-term debt 1,913 500 Total current liabilities 12,832 8,474 Deferred income taxes 350 685 Operating lease liabilities 547 552 Long-term U.S. transition tax liability 515 711 Other long-term liabilities 160 172 Long-term debt 11,856 11,985 Total liabilities 26,260 22,579 Commitments and contingencies Stockholders' (deficit) equity: Common stock, $0.008 par value, Authorized shares: 1,000,000,000 Issued shares: 64,032,162 and 63,780,528, respectively — — Treasury stock: 28,843,826 and 25,917,558 shares, respectively (38,944) (30,983) Additional paid-in capital 6,996 6,491 Retained earnings 31,608 27,541 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (285) (267) Total stockholders' (deficit) equity (625) 2,782 Total liabilities and stockholders' (deficit) equity $ 25,635 $ 25,361 4 Booking Holdings Inc. UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (In millions, except share and per share data) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 2022 2023…