Exhibit 99 UNITED TECHNOLOGIES REPORTS FIRST QUARTER 2018 RESULTS RAISES 2018 OUTLOOK Strong sales and operating profit drive United Technologies’ positive momentum in Q1; Adjusted operating profit growth across all four business units; Raises sales and adjusted EPS outlook for 2018 • Sales of $15.2 billion, up 10 percent versus prior year including 6 percent organic growth • GAAP EPS of $1.62, down 6 percent versus prior year reflecting the absence of a one-time gain in Q1 2017 • Adjusted EPS of $1.77, up 20 percent versus prior year FARMINGTON, Conn., Apr. 24, 2018 - United Technologies Corp. (NYSE:UTX) today reported first quarter 2018 results and increased its full year sales and adjusted EPS outlook. “We are off to a solid start in 2018,” said UTC Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Gregory Hayes. “Sales were up 10 percent, including 6 percent organic growth which represented our strongest first quarter organic growth rate since 2011, with all four businesses contributing. Our focus on innovation and execution is clearly paying off.” “Based on a strong first quarter performance and solid fundamentals at each of our businesses, we are raising our 2018 sales outlook to a range of $63 to $64.5 billion and raising our adjusted EPS outlook range to $6.95 to $7.15.* We remain committed to executing on our strategic priorities and are well positioned to deliver sustainable long-term shareowner value,” Hayes concluded. First quarter sales of $15.2 billion were up 10 percent over the prior year, including 6 points of organic sales growth and 3 points of foreign exchange. GAAP EPS of $1.62 included 15 cents of net restructuring charges and other significant items and was down 6 percent versus the prior year, reflecting the absence of a one-time gain booked in Q1 2017. Adjusted EPS of $1.77 was up 20 percent with adjusted operating profit growth at all four segments. Net income in the quarter was $1.3 billion, down 6 percent versus the prior year. Cash flow from operations was $453 million and capital expenditures were $337 million. Free cash flow was $116 million reflecting higher use of working capital from strong organic growth and the timing of shipments, principally at Pratt & Whitney and UTC Climate, Controls & Security. UTC continues to expect $4.5 to $5.0 billion* of free cash flow in 2018. In the quarter, commercial aftermarket sales were up 18 percent at Pratt & Whitney and up 16 percent at UTC Aerospace Systems. Otis new equipment orders were down 4 percent organically versus the prior year. Equipment orders at UTC Climate, Controls & Security increased 10 percent organically. UTC updates its 2018 outlook and now anticipates: • Adjusted EPS of $6.95 to $7.15, up from $6.85 to $7.10*; • Sales of $63.0 to $64.5 billion, up from $62.5 to $64.0 billion; • There is no change in the Company’s previously provided 2018 expectations for organic sales growth of 4 to 6 percent* or free cash flow of $4.5 to $5.0 billion.* *Note: When we provide expectations for adjusted EPS, organic sales and free cash flow on a forward-looking basis, a reconciliation of the differences between the non-GAAP expectations and the corresponding GAAP measures generally is not available without unreasonable effort. See “Use and Definitions of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” below for additional information. United Technologies Corp., based in Farmington, Connecticut, provides high technology products and services to the building and aerospace industries. By combining a passion for science with precision engineering, the company is creating smart, sustainable solutions the world needs. Additional information, including a webcast, is available at www.utc.com or https://edge.media-server.com/m6/p/ynvi9ko4 , or to listen to the earnings call by phone, dial (877) 280-7280 between 8:10 a.m. and 8:30 a.m. ET. To learn more about UTC, visit the website or follow the company on Twitter: @UTC Use and Definitions of Non-GAAP Financial Measures United Technologies Corporation reports its financial results in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP"). We supplement the reporting of our financial information determined under GAAP with certain non-GAAP financial information. The non-GAAP information presented provides investors with additional useful information, but should not be considered in isolation or as substitutes for the related GAAP measures. Moreover, other companies may define non-GAAP measures differently, which limits the usefulness of these measures for comparisons with such other companies. We encourage investors to review our financial statements and publicly-filed reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure. Adjusted net sales, organic sales, adjusted operating profit, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share (“EPS”) are non-GAAP financial measures. Adjusted net sales represents consolidated net sales from continuing operations (a GAAP measure), excluding significant items of a non-recurring and/or nonoperational nature (hereinafter referred to as “other significant items”). Organic sales represents consolidated net sales (a GAAP measure), excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, acquisitions and divestitures completed in the preceding twelve months and other significant items. Adjusted operating profit represents income from continuing operations (a GAAP measure), excluding restructuring costs and other significant items. Adjusted net income represents net income from continuing operations (a GAAP measure), excluding restructuring costs and other significant items. Adjusted EPS represents diluted earnings per share from continuing operations (a GAAP measure), excluding restructuring costs and other significant items. For the business segments, when applicable, adjustments of net sales, operating profit and margins similarly reflect continuing operations, excluding restructuring and other significant items. Management believes that the non-GAAP measures just mentioned are useful in providing period-to-period comparisons of the results of the Company’s ongoing operational performance. Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure that represents cash flow from operations (a GAAP measure) less capital expenditures. Management believes free cash flow is a useful measure of liquidity and an additional basis for assessing UTC's ability to fund its activities, including the financing of acquisitions, debt service, repurchases of UTC's common stock and distribution of earnings to shareholders. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to the corresponding amounts prepared in accordance with GAAP appears in the tables in this Appendix. The tables provide additional information as to the items and amounts that have been excluded from the adjusted measures. When we provide our expectation for adjusted EPS, adjusted operating profit, organic sales and free cash flow on a forward-looking basis, a reconciliation of the differences between the non-GAAP expectations and the corresponding GAAP measures (expected diluted EPS from continuing operations, operating profit, sales and expected cash flow from operations) generally is not available without unreasonable effort due to potentially high variability, complexity and low visibility as to the items that would be excluded from the GAAP measure in the relevant future period, such as unusual gains and losses, the ultimate outcome of pending litigation, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, the impact and timing of potential acquisitions and divestitures, and other structural changes or their probable significance. The variability of the excluded items may have a significant, and potentially unpredictable, impact on our future GAAP results. Cautionary Statement This communication contains statements which, to the extent they are not statements of historical or present fact, constitute “forward-looking statements” under the securities laws. From time to time, oral or written forward-looking statements may also be included in other information released to the public. These forward-looking statements are intended to provide management’s current expectations or plans for our future operating and financial performance, based on assumptions currently believed to be valid. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as “believe,” “expect,” “expectations,” “plans,” “strategy,” “prospects,” “estimate,” “project,” “target,” “anticipate,” “will,” “should,” “see,” “guidance,” “outlook,” “confident” and other words of similar meaning in connection with a discussion of future operating or financial performance. Forward-looking statements may include, among other things, statements relating to future sales, earnings, cash flow, results of operations, uses of cash, share repurchases, tax rates and other measures of financial performance or potential future plans, strategies or transactions of United Technologies or the combined company following United Technologies’ pending acquisition of Rockwell Collins, the anticipated benefits of the pending acquisition, including estimated synergies, the expected timing of financing and completion of the transaction and other statements that are not historical facts. All forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. For those statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such risks, uncertainties and other factors include, without limitation: (1) the effect of economic conditions in the industries and markets in which United Technologies and Rockwell Collins operate in the U.S. and globally and any changes therein, including financial market conditions, fluctuations in commodity prices, interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates, levels of end market demand in construction and in both the commercial and defense segments of the aerospace industry, levels of air travel, financial condition of commercial airlines, the impact of weather conditions and natural disasters and the financial condition of our customers and suppliers; (2) challenges in the development, production, delivery, support, performance and realization of the anticipated benefits of advanced technologies and new products and services; (3) the scope, nature, impact or timing of acquisition and divestiture or restructuring activity, including the pending acquisition of Rockwell Collins, including among other things integration of acquired businesses into United Technologies’ existing businesses and realization of synergies and opportunities for growth and innovation; (4) future timing and levels of indebtedness, including indebtedness expected to be incurred by United Technologies in connection with the pending Rockwell Collins acquisition, and capital spending and research and development spending, including in connection with the pending Rockwell Collins acquisition; (5) future availability of credit and factors that may affect such availability, including credit market conditions and our capital structure; (6) the timing and scope of future repurchases of United Technologies’ common stock, which may be suspended at any time due to various factors, including market conditions and the level of other investing activities and uses of cash, including in connection with the proposed acquisition of Rockwell; (7) delays and disruption in delivery of materials and services from suppliers; (8) company and customer-directed cost reduction efforts and restructuring costs and savings and other consequences thereof; (9) new business and investment opportunities; (10) our ability to realize the intended benefits of organizational changes; (11) the anticipated benefits of diversification and…