Exhibit 99.1 PepsiCo Reports Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2024 Results; Provides 2025 Financial Outlook; Announces Annual Dividend Increase Reported (GAAP) Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2024 Results Fourth Quarter Full-Year Net revenue performance (0.2)% 0.4% Foreign exchange impact on net revenue (2)% (1.5)% Earnings per share (EPS) $1.11 $6.95 EPS change 17% 6% Foreign exchange impact on EPS (4)% (2)% Organic/Core (non-GAAP) 1 Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2024 Results Fourth Quarter Full-Year Organic revenue performance 2.1% 2.0% Core EPS $1.96 $8.16 Core constant currency EPS change 14% 9% PURCHASE, N.Y. - February 4, 2025 - PepsiCo, Inc. (NASDAQ: PEP) today reported results for the fourth quarter and full-year 2024. “Our businesses remained resilient in 2024, despite subdued category performance trends in North America, the continued impacts related to a recall in our Quaker Foods North America division and business disruptions due to geopolitical tensions in certain international markets. Our enhanced multiyear productivity initiatives enabled us to invest in our businesses, and deliver improvements in our gross margin, operating margin expansion and EPS in 2024,” said Chairman and CEO Ramon Laguarta. Laguarta continued, “Looking ahead to 2025, we will continue to build upon the successful expansion of our international business, while also taking actions to improve performance in North America. Our multiyear productivity initiatives will help fund disciplined commercial investments and aid our profitability. Therefore, we expect to deliver low-single-digit organic revenue growth and mid-single-digit core constant currency EPS growth in 2025. We also announced a 5 percent increase in our annualized dividend per share beginning with the June 2025 payment, representing our 53rd consecutive annual increase.” 1 Please refer to the Glossary for the definitions of non-GAAP financial measures including “Organic revenue performance,” “Core” and “Constant currency,” and to “Guidance and Outlook” for additional information regarding PepsiCo’s full-year 2025 financial outlook. PepsiCo provides guidance on a non-GAAP basis as we cannot predict certain elements which are included in reported GAAP results, including the impact of foreign exchange and commodity mark-to-market net impacts. Please refer to PepsiCo’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 28, 2024 (2024 Form 10-K) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for additional information regarding PepsiCo’s financial results. . 1 Summary Fourth-Quarter 2024 Performance Revenue Volume (a) GAAP Reported % Change Percentage Point Impact Organic % Change % Change Foreign Exchange Translation Acquisitions and Divestitures Convenient Foods Beverages Frito-Lay North America (2) — — (2) (3) Quaker Foods North America (2) — — (2) (6) PepsiCo Beverages North America — — — — (3) Latin America (7) 11 — 4 — (1) Europe 6 1 — 7 1 3 Africa, Middle East and South Asia 5 9 — 14 5 2 Asia Pacific, Australia and New Zealand and China Region 2 (1) — 1 4 5.5 Total — 2 — 2 1 1 Operating Profit and EPS GAAP Reported % Change Percentage Point Impact Core Constant Currency % Change Items Affecting Comparability Foreign Exchange Translation Frito-Lay North America (11) 5 — (5) Quaker Foods North America 323 (316) — 7 PepsiCo Beverages North America (127) 111 — (15) Latin America (25) 32 14 21 Europe n/m n/m 1 41 Africa, Middle East and South Asia 38 2 16 57 Asia Pacific, Australia and New Zealand and China Region 284 (265) (5) 14 Corporate unallocated expenses (28) 11 — (16) Total 34 (25) 4 13 EPS 17 (8) 4 14 (a) Excludes the impact of acquisitions and divestitures. In certain instances, the volume change shown here differs from the impact of organic volume on net revenue performance disclosed in the Organic Revenue Performance Rates tables on page A-8, due to the impacts of product mix, nonconsolidated joint venture volume, and, for our franchise-owned beverage businesses, temporary timing differences between bottler case sales (BCS) and concentrate shipments and equivalents (CSE). We report net revenue from our franchise-owned beverage businesses based on CSE. The volume sold by our nonconsolidated joint ventures has no direct impact on our net revenue. n/m - Not meaningful due to the impact of impairment and other charges, resulting in an operating loss in 2023. Note: Amounts may not sum due to rounding. Organic revenue and core constant currency results are non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP information in the attached exhibits and to the Glossary for definitions of “Organic revenue performance,” “Core” and “Constant currency.” . 2 Discussion of Fourth-Quarter 2024 Reported Division Results: In addition to the reported net revenue performance as set out in the tables on pages 2 and A-8, reported operating results were driven by the following: Frito-Lay North America Operating profit decreased 11%, primarily reflecting certain operating cost increases, including strategic initiatives, a decrease in organic volume and a 5-percentage-point impact of higher restructuring charges. These impacts were partially offset by productivity savings, a 7-percentage-point impact of a gain on remeasurement of our previously held 50% equity ownership in Sabra Dipping Company, LLC, a 4-percentage-point impact from gains associated with the sale of assets and a 2-percentage-point impact of lower commodity costs, primarily driven by cooking oil. Quaker Foods North America Operating profit increased 323%, primarily reflecting the favorable impact of prior-year charges associated with a previously announced voluntary recall of certain bars and cereals in our Quaker Foods North America division (Quaker Recall), a 43-percentage-point impact of an insurance recovery related to the Quaker Recall, productivity savings and lower advertising and marketing expenses, partially offset by certain operating cost increases, a 26-percentage-point impact of impairment charges associated with a nutrition bar brand, a 17-percentage-point impact of higher restructuring charges and a decrease in organic volume. PepsiCo Beverages North America Operating profit decreased 127%, reflecting a 93-percentage-point impact of higher impairment and other charges associated with our Tropicana Brands Group (TBG) investment and receivables related to the sale of Tropicana, Naked and other select juice brands (Juice Transaction), certain operating cost increases, a 19-percentage-point impact of higher restructuring charges, a decline in organic volume and higher advertising and marketing expenses. These impacts were partially offset by productivity savings and effective net pricing. Latin America Operating profit decreased 25%, primarily reflecting a 31-percentage-point unfavorable impact of an indirect tax reserve, certain operating cost increases, a 14-percentage-point impact of unfavorable foreign exchange translation and a net organic volume decline, partially offset by effective net pricing and productivity savings. Europe Operating profit improvement primarily reflects a favorable impact of prior-year impairment charges of $862 million related to the SodaStream business, net revenue growth and productivity savings. These impacts were partially offset by a $135 million impairment and other charges associated with our TBG investment and Juice Transaction-related receivables, certain operating cost increases, a 13-percentage-point impact of higher commodity costs, primarily dairy and potatoes, and higher advertising and marketing expenses. Africa, Middle East and South Asia Operating profit increased 38%, primarily reflecting net revenue growth and productivity savings. These impacts were partially offset by a 60-percentage-point impact of higher commodity costs, primarily grains, packaging materials and cooking oil, largely driven by transaction-related foreign exchange, certain operating cost increases and a 16-percentage-point impact of unfavorable foreign exchange translation, driven primarily by the weakening of the Egyptian pound. Asia Pacific, Australia and New Zealand and China Region Operating profit increased 284%, primarily reflecting a 294-percentage-point favorable impact of impairment charges related to the Be & Cheery brand in the prior year, productivity savings, organic . 3 volume growth, a 19-percentage-point impact of lower commodity costs, primarily packaging materials and potatoes, and a 5-percentage-point impact of favorable foreign exchange translation. These impacts were partially offset by unfavorable net pricing, certain operating cost increases, a 21-percentage-point impact of our share of an impairment charge recognized by an equity method investment, an 8-percentage-point impact of higher restructuring charges and higher advertising and marketing expenses. . 4 Summary Full-Year 2024 Performance Revenue Volume (a) GAAP Reported % Change Percentage Point Impact Organic % Change % Change Foreign Exchange Translation Acquisitions and Divestitures Convenient Foods Beverages Frito-Lay North America (1) — — (0.5) (2.5) Quaker Foods North America (b) (14) — — (14) (14) PepsiCo Beverages North America 0.5 — — 1 (3) Latin America 0.5 3 — 4 (2) — Europe 5 2 — 7 2 2 Africa, Middle East and South Asia 1 9 — 10 2 1 Asia Pacific, Australia and New Zealand and China Region 1 2 — 3 4 1 Total — 1.5 — 2 (1) — Operating Profit and EPS GAAP Reported % Change Percentage Point Impact Core Constant Currency % Change Items Affecting Comparability Foreign Exchange Translation Frito-Lay North America (7) 2 — (5) Quaker Foods North America (38) 19 — (19) PepsiCo Beverages North America (11) 16 — 5 Latin America — 10 3 13 Europe 163 (139) 3 27 Africa, Middle East and South Asia (1) 1 8 9 Asia Pacific, Australia and New Zealand and China Region 14 (8) 3 8 Corporate unallocated expenses (20) 2 — (18) Total 8 (2) 2 8 EPS 6 1 2 9 (a) Excludes the impact of acquisitions and divestitures. In certain instances, the volume change shown here differs from the impact of organic volume on net revenue performance disclosed in the Organic Revenue Performance Rates tables on page A-8, due to the impacts of product mix, nonconsolidated joint venture volume, and, for our franchise-owned beverage businesses, temporary timing differences between BCS and CSE. We report net revenue from our franchise-owned beverage businesses based on CSE. The volume sold by our nonconsolidated joint ventures has no direct impact on our net revenue. (b) Net revenue decline was impacted by the Quaker Recall. Note: Amounts may not sum due to rounding. Organic revenue and core constant currency results are non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP information in the attached exhibits and to the Glossary for definitions of “Organic revenue performance,” “Core” and “Constant currency.” . 5 Discussion of Full-Year 2024 Reported Division Results: In addition to the reported net revenue performance as set out in the tables on pages 5 and A-8, reported operating results were driven by the following: Frito-Lay North America Operating profit decreased 7%, primarily reflecting certain operating cost increases, including strategic initiatives, and the decrease in organic volume. These impacts were partially offset by productivity savings and the effective net pricing. Quaker Foods North America Operating profit decreased 38%, primarily reflecting the decrease in organic volume, certain operating cost increases and a 14-percentage-point impact of charges associated with the Quaker Recall, partially offset by productivity savings, a 12-percentage-point favorable impact of an insurance recovery related to the Quaker Recall, lower advertising and marketing expenses and effective net pricing. PepsiCo Beverages North America Operating profit decreased 11%, primarily driven by certain operating cost increases, the decline in organic…