Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On July 20, 2016 , Intel Corporation (“Intel”) issued a press release announcing the financial results of its fiscal quarter ended July 2, 2016 and forward-looking statements relating to its third quarter of 2016 and full year 2016 . A copy of this press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference herein. On July 20, 2016 , Intel also posted financial information and commentary by Stacy J. Smith, Intel’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, for its fiscal quarter ended July 2, 2016 on its investor website, intc.com. A copy of this information and commentary is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and is incorporated by reference herein. Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 include non-GAAP financial measures relating to our operations and forecasted outlook. Certain of these non-GAAP terms will be used in Intel’s Q2 2016 earnings conference. In addition, Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 include reconciliations of these GAAP to non-GAAP measures, as well as an explanation of how management uses these non-GAAP measures and the reasons why management views these measures as providing useful information for investors. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP and the financial results calculated in accordance with GAAP and reconciliations from Intel’s results should be carefully evaluated. The information in

Exhibit 99.2 and is incorporated by reference herein. Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 include non-GAAP financial measures relating to our operations and forecasted outlook. Certain of these non-GAAP terms will be used in Intel’s Q2 2016 earnings conference. In addition, Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 include reconciliations of these GAAP to non-GAAP measures, as well as an explanation of how management uses these non-GAAP measures and the reasons why management views these measures as providing useful information for investors. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP and the financial results calculated in accordance with GAAP and reconciliations from Intel’s results should be carefully evaluated. The information in