Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition On October 30, 2018 , Mastercard Incorporated (“Mastercard”) issued an earnings release announcing financial results for its third quarter 2018 . A copy of the earnings release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1. All information in the press release is furnished but not filed. Non-GAAP Financial Information In the attached earnings release, Mastercard discloses as non-GAAP financial measures adjusted operating expenses, adjusted operating margin, adjusted effective income tax rate, adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share (as well as related applicable growth rates versus the comparable period in the prior year). These non-GAAP financial measures exclude the impact of the following special items ("Special Items"): • In the third quarter of 2018, Mastercard recorded provisions for litigation related to litigation settlements with U.K. merchants and Pan-European merchants. Additionally, Mastercard recorded discrete tax benefits related primarily to provisions for legal matters in the United States. • In the second quarter of 2018, Mastercard recorded provisions for litigation related to the U.S. merchant class litigation, the filed and anticipated opt-out U.S. merchant cases and litigation settlements with U.K. merchants. • In the first quarter of 2018, Mastercard recorded provisions for litigation related to litigation settlements with Pan-European merchants, an increased reserve for Mastercard's U.S. merchant opt-out cases and litigation settlements with U.K. merchants. • In the first quarter of 2017, Mastercard recorded provisions for litigation related to a litigation settlement with Canadian merchants. Mastercard excluded these Special Items because its management evaluates the underlying operations and performance of the company separately from litigation judgments and settlements related to interchange and other one-time items, as well as related tax impacts. In the attached earnings release, management also presents growth rates adjusted for the impact of foreign currency, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Currency-neutral growth rates are calculated by remeasuring the prior period’s results using the current period’s exchange rates for both the translational and transactional impacts on operating results. The impact of foreign currency translation represents the effect of translating operating results where the functional currency is different from our U.S. dollar reporting currency. The impact of the transactional foreign currency represents the effect of converting revenue and expenses occurring in a currency other than the functional currency. Mastercard’s management believes the presentation of the impact of foreign currency provides relevant information. Mastercard's management believes that the non-GAAP financial measures presented facilitate an understanding of Mastercard's operating performance and provide a meaningful comparison of its results between periods. Mastercard’s management uses non-GAAP financial measures to, among other things, evaluate its ongoing operations in relation to historical results, for internal planning and forecasting purposes and in the calculation of performance-based compensation. The attached press release includes reconciliations of the requisite non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. The presentation of non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for Mastercard’s related financial results prepared in accordance with GAAP.

Exhibit 99.1. All information in the press release is furnished but not filed. Non-GAAP Financial Information In the attached earnings release, Mastercard discloses as non-GAAP financial measures adjusted operating expenses, adjusted operating margin, adjusted effective income tax rate, adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share (as well as related applicable growth rates versus the comparable period in the prior year). These non-GAAP financial measures exclude the impact of the following special items ("Special Items"): • In the third quarter of 2018, Mastercard recorded provisions for litigation related to litigation settlements with U.K. merchants and Pan-European merchants. Additionally, Mastercard recorded discrete tax benefits related primarily to provisions for legal matters in the United States. • In the second quarter of 2018, Mastercard recorded provisions for litigation related to the U.S. merchant class litigation, the filed and anticipated opt-out U.S. merchant cases and litigation settlements with U.K. merchants. • In the first quarter of 2018, Mastercard recorded provisions for litigation related to litigation settlements with Pan-European merchants, an increased reserve for Mastercard's U.S. merchant opt-out cases and litigation settlements with U.K. merchants. • In the first quarter of 2017, Mastercard recorded provisions for litigation related to a litigation settlement with Canadian merchants. Mastercard excluded these Special Items because its management evaluates the underlying operations and performance of the company separately from litigation judgments and settlements related to interchange and other one-time items, as well as related tax impacts. In the attached earnings release, management also presents growth rates adjusted for the impact of foreign currency, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Currency-neutral growth rates are calculated by remeasuring the prior period’s results using the current period’s exchange rates for both the translational and transactional impacts on operating results. The impact of foreign currency translation represents the effect of translating operating results where the functional currency is different from our U.S. dollar reporting currency. The impact of the transactional foreign currency represents the effect of converting revenue and expenses occurring in a currency other than the functional currency. Mastercard’s management believes the presentation of the impact of foreign currency provides relevant information. Mastercard's management believes that the non-GAAP financial measures presented facilitate an understanding of Mastercard's operating performance and provide a meaningful comparison of its results between periods. Mastercard’s management uses non-GAAP financial measures to, among other things, evaluate its ongoing operations in relation to historical results, for internal planning and forecasting purposes and in the calculation of performance-based compensation. The attached press release includes reconciliations of the requisite non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. The presentation of non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for Mastercard’s related financial results prepared in accordance with GAAP.