Exhibit 99.1 Zoom Video Communications Reports Financial Results for the First Quarter of Fiscal Year 2025 • First quarter total revenue of $1,141.2 million, up 3.2% year over year as reported and 3.5% in constant currency • First quarter Enterprise revenue of $665.7 million, up 5.3% year over year • First quarter GAAP operating margin of 17.8% and non-GAAP operating margin of 40.0% • First quarter operating cash flow of $588.2 million, up 40.6% year over year • Repurchased approximately 2.4 million shares of common stock San Jose, California – May 20, 2024 – Zoom Video Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ: ZM), today announced financial results for the first fiscal quarter ended April 30, 2024. “In Q1, we continued to integrate AI across our platform including Zoom Contact Center and Zoom Workplace, our AI-powered collaboration platform that provides customers the ability to reimagine teamwork by streamlining communications, increasing employee engagement, and improving productivity within their organizations,” said Eric S. Yuan, Zoom founder, and CEO. “These innovations combined with our execution and focused investment enabled us to outperform our guidance and drive operating cash flow growth of 40.6% and free cash flow growth of 43.6% year over year.” First Quarter Fiscal Year 2025 Financial Highlights: • Revenue: Total revenue for the first quarter was $1,141.2 million, up 3.2% year over year. Adjusting for foreign currency impact, revenue in constant currency was $1,143.6 million, up 3.5% year over year. Enterprise revenue was $665.7 million, up 5.3% year over year, and Online revenue was $475.5 million, flat year over year. • Income from Operations and Operating Margin: GAAP income from operations for the first quarter was $203.0 million, compared to GAAP income from operations of $9.7 million in the first quarter of fiscal year 2024. After adjusting for stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes, acquisition-related expenses, restructuring expenses, and litigation settlements, net, non-GAAP income from operations for the first quarter was $456.6 million, compared to non-GAAP income from operations of $422.3 million in the first quarter of fiscal year 2024. For the first quarter, GAAP operating margin was 17.8% and non-GAAP operating margin was 40.0%. • Net Income and Diluted Net Income Per Share: GAAP net income for the first quarter was $216.3 million, or $0.69 per share, compared to GAAP net income of $15.4 million, or $0.05 per share, in the first quarter of fiscal year 2024. Non-GAAP net income for the first quarter was $426.3 million, after adjusting for stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes, gains on strategic investments, net, acquisition-related expenses, restructuring expenses, litigation settlements, net, and the tax effects on non-GAAP adjustments. Non-GAAP net income per share was $1.35. In the first quarter of fiscal year 2024, non-GAAP net income was $353.3 million, or $1.16 per share. • Cash and Marketable Securities: Total cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, excluding restricted cash, as of April 30, 2024 was $7.4 billion. • Cash Flow: Net cash provided by operating activities was $588.2 million for the first quarter, compared to $418.5 million in the first quarter of fiscal year 2024, up 40.6% year over year. Free cash flow, which is net cash provided by operating activities less purchases of property and equipment, was $569.7 million, compared to $396.7 million in the first quarter of fiscal year 2024, up 43.6% year over year. Customer Metrics: Drivers of total revenue included acquiring new customers. At the end of the first quarter of fiscal year 2025, Zoom had: • 3,883 customers contributing more than $100,000 in trailing 12 months revenue, up approximately 8.5% from the same quarter last fiscal year. • Approximately 191,000 Enterprise customers. During the first quarter of fiscal year 2025, in order to enhance customer experience and improve efficiency, we transitioned approximately 26,800 Enterprise customers with lower MRR away from working with direct sales teams, resellers, or strategic partners. These customers are now considered Online customers and are no longer included in our Enterprise customer total as of April 30, 2024. The impact of this transition did not have a material impact on the percent of revenue from Enterprise and Online customers, net dollar expansion rate, or Online average monthly churn. • A trailing 12-month net dollar expansion rate for Enterprise customers of 99%. • Online average monthly churn of 3.2% for the first quarter, up 10 bps from the same quarter last fiscal year. • The percentage of total Online MRR from Online customers with a continual term of service of at least 16 months was 73.8%, up 180 bps year over year. Financial Outlook: Zoom is providing the following guidance for its second quarter of fiscal year 2025 and its full fiscal year 2025. • Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2025: Total revenue is expected to be between $1.145 billion and $1.150 billion and revenue in constant currency is expected to be between $1.147 billion and $1.152 billion. Non-GAAP income from operations is expected to be between $415.0 million and $420.0 million. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be between $1.20 and $1.21 with approximately 316 million weighted average shares outstanding. • Full Fiscal Year 2025: Total revenue is expected to be between $4.610 billion and $4.620 billion and revenue in constant currency is expected to be between $4.616 billion and $4.626 billion. Full fiscal year non-GAAP income from operations is expected to be between $1.740 billion and $1.750 billion. Full fiscal year non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be between $4.99 and $5.02 with approximately 319 million weighted average shares outstanding. The EPS and share count figures do not include the impact from $1.350 billion of authorized share repurchase remaining as of April 30, 2024. Additional information on Zoom's reported results, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP results to their most comparable GAAP measures, is included in the financial tables below. A reconciliation of non-GAAP guidance measures to corresponding GAAP measures is not available on a forward-looking basis without unreasonable effort due to the uncertainty of expenses that may be incurred in the future, although it is important to note that these factors could be material to Zoom's results computed in accordance with GAAP. A supplemental financial presentation and other information can be accessed through Zoom’s investor relations website at investors.zoom.us. Zoom Video Earnings Call Zoom will host a Zoom Video Webinar for investors on May 20, 2024 at 2:00 p.m. Pacific Time / 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time to discuss the company’s financial results, business highlights and financial outlook. Investors are invited to join the Zoom Video Webinar by visiting: https://investors.zoom.us/ About Zoom Zoom’s mission is to provide one platform that delivers limitless human connection. Zoom Workplace — our AI-powered, open collaboration platform built for modern work — streamlines communications, improves productivity, increases employee engagement, optimizes in-person time, and offers customer choice with third-party apps and integrations. Zoom Workplace, powered by Zoom AI Companion, includes collaboration solutions like meetings, team chat, phone, scheduler, whiteboard, spaces, Workvivo, and more. Together with Zoom Workplace, Zoom’s Business Services for sales, marketing, and customer care teams, including Zoom Contact Center, strengthen customer relationships throughout the customer lifecycle. Founded in 2011, Zoom is publicly traded (NASDAQ:ZM) and headquartered in San Jose, California. Get more info at zoom.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains express and implied “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding Zoom's financial outlook for the second quarter of fiscal year 2025 and full fiscal year 2025, Zoom’s market position, opportunities, and growth strategy, product initiatives, including the continued incorporation of AI across Zoom’s collaboration platform, including Zoom Contact Center and Zoom Workplace, go-to-market motions and the expected benefits resulting from the same, market trends, and Zoom's stock repurchase program. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “might,” “plan,” “project,” “will,” “would,” “should,” “could,” “can,” “predict,” “potential,” “target,” “explore,” “continue,” or the negative of these terms, and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. By their nature, these statements are subject to numerous uncertainties and risks, including factors beyond our control, that could cause actual results, performance or achievement to differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the statements, including: declines in new customers, renewals or upgrades, or decline in demand for our platform, difficulties in evaluating our prospects and future results of operations given our limited operating history, competition from other providers of communications platforms, the effect of macroeconomic conditions on our business, including inflation and market volatility, lengthened sales cycles with large organizations, delays or outages in services from our co-located data centers, failures in internet infrastructure or interference with broadband access, compromised security measures, including ours and those of the third parties upon which we rely, and global security concerns and their potential impact on regional and global economies and supply chains. Additional risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements are included under the caption “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in our most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), including our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2024. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date the statements are made and are based on information available to Zoom at the time those statements are made and/or management's good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events. Zoom assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made, except as required by law. Non-GAAP Financial Measures Zoom has provided in this press release financial information that has not been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (“GAAP”). Zoom uses these non-GAAP financial measures internally in analyzing its financial results and believes that use of these non-GAAP financial measures is useful to investors as an additional tool to evaluate ongoing operating results and trends and in comparing Zoom’s financial results with other companies in its industry, many of which present similar non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP financial measures and should be read only in conjunction with Zoom’s condensed consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of Zoom’s historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures has been provided in the financial statement tables included in this press release, and investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation. Non-GAAP Income from Operations and Non-GAAP Operating Margin. Zoom defines non-GAAP income from operations as income from operations excluding stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes, acquisition-related expenses, restructuring…