Exhibit 99.1 Contact: Investor Relations (408) 523-2161 INTUITIVE ANNOUNCES SECOND QUARTER EARNINGS SUNNYVALE, CALIF. July 18, 2024 – Intuitive (the “Company”) (Nasdaq: ISRG), a global technology leader in minimally invasive care and the pioneer of robotic-assisted surgery, today announced financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. Q2 Highlights • Worldwide da Vinci procedures grew approximately 17% compared with the second quarter of 2023. • The Company placed 341 da Vinci surgical systems, compared with 331 in the second quarter of 2023. The second quarter 2024 da Vinci surgical system placements included 70 da Vinci 5 systems. • The Company grew its da Vinci surgical system installed base to 9,203 systems as of June 30, 2024, an increase of 14% compared with 8,042 as of the end of the second quarter of 2023. • Second quarter 2024 revenue of $2.01 billion increased 14% compared with $1.76 billion in the second quarter of 2023. • Second quarter 2024 GAAP net income attributable to Intuitive was $527 million, or $1.46 per diluted share, compared with $421 million, or $1.18 per diluted share, in the second quarter of 2023. • Second quarter 2024 non-GAAP* net income attributable to Intuitive was $641 million, or $1.78 per diluted share, compared with $507 million, or $1.42 per diluted share, in the second quarter of 2023. Q2 Financial Summary Gross profit, income from operations, net income attributable to Intuitive Surgical, Inc., and net income per diluted share attributable to Intuitive Surgical, Inc. are reported on a GAAP and non-GAAP* basis. The non-GAAP* measures are described below and are reconciled to the corresponding GAAP measures at the end of this release. Second quarter 2024 revenue was $2.01 billion, an increase of 14% compared with $1.76 billion in the second quarter of 2023. The higher second quarter revenue was driven by growth in da Vinci procedure volume and an increase in the installed base of systems. Second quarter 2024 instruments and accessories revenue increased by 16% to $1.24 billion, compared with $1.08 billion in the second quarter of 2023. The increase in instruments and accessories revenue was primarily driven by approximately 17% growth in da Vinci procedure volume and approximately 82% growth in Ion procedure volume, partially offset by customer buying patterns. Second quarter 2024 systems revenue was $448 million, compared with $393 million in the second quarter of 2023. The Company placed 341 da Vinci surgical systems, including 70 da Vinci 5 systems, in the second quarter of 2024, compared with 331 systems in the second quarter of 2023. The second quarter 2024 da Vinci surgical system placements included 175 systems placed under operating lease arrangements, of which 92 systems were placed under usage-based operating lease arrangements, compared with 164 systems placed under operating lease arrangements, of which 91 systems were placed under usage-based operating lease arrangements in the second quarter of 2023. Second quarter 2024 GAAP income from operations increased to $567 million, compared with $463 million in the second quarter of 2023. Second quarter 2024 GAAP income from operations included share-based compensation expense of $176 million, compared with $148 million in the second quarter of 2023. Second quarter 2024 non-GAAP* income from operations increased to $754 million, compared with $618 million in the second quarter of 2023. Second quarter 2024 GAAP net income attributable to Intuitive Surgical, Inc. was $527 million, or $1.46 per diluted share, compared with $421 million, or $1.18 per diluted share, in the second quarter of 2023. Second quarter 2024 GAAP net income attributable to Intuitive Surgical, Inc. included excess tax benefits of $36 million, or $0.10 per diluted share, compared with $42 million, or $0.12 per diluted share, in the second quarter of 2023. Second quarter 2024 non-GAAP* net income attributable to Intuitive Surgical, Inc. was $641 million, or $1.78 per diluted share, compared with $507 million, or $1.42 per diluted share, in the second quarter of 2023. Page 1 of 8 The Company ended the second quarter of 2024 with $7.68 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and investments, an increase of $360 million during the quarter, primarily driven by cash generated from operations, partially offset by capital expenditures. Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic The first half of 2024 did not reflect any noticeable procedure volume disruptions from COVID-19. During the first quarter of 2023, in January, the Company saw COVID-19 resurgences impact da Vinci procedure volumes in China, with a recovery during February and March. Additionally, we believe that the high patient treatment backlogs that developed during the COVID-19 pandemic contributed positively to the 2023 procedure volumes, as those patients returned for diagnosis and treatment. “Our business was healthy this quarter, and we are pleased by feedback on da Vinci 5 as well as the continued adoption of SP and Ion,” said Gary Guthart, Intuitive CEO. “We remain focused on delivering the goals we share with our customers, centered on improving patient outcomes.” Additional supplemental financial and procedure information has been posted to the Investor Relations section of the Intuitive website at https://isrg.gcs-web.com/ . Webcast and Conference Call Information Intuitive will hold a teleconference at 1:30 p.m. PDT today to discuss the second quarter 2024 financial results. The call will be webcast by Nasdaq OMX and can be accessed on Intuitive’s website at www.intuitive.com or by dialing (844) 867-6169 using the access code 6035714. The webcast replay of the call will be made available on our website at www.intuitive.com within 24 hours after the end of the live teleconference and will be accessible for at least 30 days. About Intuitive Intuitive (Nasdaq: ISRG), headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, is a global leader in minimally invasive care and the pioneer of robotic-assisted surgery. Our technologies include the da Vinci surgical systems and the Ion endoluminal system. By uniting advanced systems, progressive learning, and value-enhancing services, we help physicians and their teams optimize care delivery to support the best outcomes possible. At Intuitive, we envision a future of care that is less invasive and profoundly better, where diseases are identified early and treated quickly, so patients can get back to what matters most. Product and brand names/logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of Intuitive or their respective owner. See www.intuitive.com/trademarks . For more information, please visit the Company’s website at www.intuitive.com . Page 2 of 8 Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations concerning matters that are not historical facts. Statements using words such as “estimates,” “projects,” “believes,” “anticipates,” “plans,” “expects,” “intends,” “may,” “will,” “could,” “should,” “would,” “targeted,” and similar words and expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are necessarily estimates reflecting the judgment of the Company’s management and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements related to future results of operations, future financial position, the adoption by customers of the Company’s products, and the goals it shares with its customers, including improving patient outcomes. These forward-looking statements should be considered in light of various important factors, including, but not limited to, the following: the overall macroeconomic environment, which may impact customer spending and the Company’s costs, including the levels of inflation and interest rates; the conflict in Ukraine; conflicts in the Middle East, including Israel; disruption to the Company’s supply chain, including difficulties in obtaining a sufficient supply of materials; curtailed or delayed capital spending by hospitals; the impact of global and regional economic and credit market conditions on healthcare spending; the risk that COVID-19 could lead to material delays and cancellations of, or reduced demand for, procedures; delays in surgeon training; delays in obtaining new product approvals, clearances, or certifications from the United States (“U.S.”) Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”), comparable regulatory authorities, or notified bodies; the risk of the Company’s inability to comply with complex FDA and other regulations, which may result in significant enforcement actions; regulatory approvals, clearances, certifications, and restrictions or any dispute that may occur with any regulatory body; healthcare reform legislation in the U.S. and its impact on hospital spending, reimbursement, and fees levied on certain medical device revenues; changes in hospital admissions and actions by payers to limit or manage surgical procedures; the timing and success of product development and customer acceptance of developed products; the results of any collaborations, in-licensing arrangements, joint ventures, strategic alliances, or partnerships, including the joint venture with Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.; the Company’s completion of and ability to successfully integrate acquisitions; intellectual property positions and litigation; risks associated with the Company’s operations and any expansion outside of the United States; unanticipated manufacturing disruptions or the inability to meet demand for products; the Company’s reliance on sole- and single-sourced suppliers; the results of legal proceedings to which the Company is or may become a party, including but not limited to product liability claims; adverse publicity regarding the Company and the safety of the Company’s products and adequacy of training; the impact of changes to tax legislation, guidance, and interpretations; changes in tariffs, trade barriers, and regulatory requirements; and other risks and uncertainties. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this press release and which are based on current expectations and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict, including those risk factors identified under the heading “Risk Factors” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as updated by the Company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company’s actual results may differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statement, and the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or release any revisions to these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. *About Non-GAAP Financial Measures To supplement its consolidated financial statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”), the Company uses the following non-GAAP financial measures: non-GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP income from operations, non-GAAP net income attributable to Intuitive Surgical, Inc., and non-GAAP net income per diluted share attributable to Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (“EPS”). The presentation of this financial information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. The Company uses these non-GAAP financial measures for financial and operational decision-making and as a means to evaluate period-to-period comparisons. The…