Exhibit 99.1 PRESS RELEASE INVESTOR CONTACT : Lisa L. Ewbank Synopsys, Inc. 650-584-1901 Synopsys-ir@synopsys.com EDITORIAL CONTACT : Simone Souza Synopsys, Inc. 650-584-6454 simone@synopsys.com Synopsys Posts Financial Results for Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Q2 2021 Financial Highlights • Revenue: $1,024.3 million • GAAP earnings per share: $1.24 • Non-GAAP earnings per share: $1.70 MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. – May 19, 2021 – Synopsys, Inc. (Nasdaq: SNPS ) today reported results for its second quarter fiscal year 2021. Revenue for the second quarter was $1,024.3 million, compared to $861.3 million for the second quarter of fiscal 2020. “Synopsys continues to execute very well. We delivered outstanding second quarter results, exceeding all of our key guidance metrics, and business was robust across all product groups and geographies. Market demand is strong, and we see a new wave of growth on the horizon, driven by an increasing need for highly complex, connected, specialized, and secure chips and systems,” said Aart de Geus, chairman and co-CEO of Synopsys. “Recent transformative technology innovations position us particularly well to enable this new era. And combined with our multi-year focus on accelerating growth and expanding non-GAAP operating margin, we continue to manage the business to drive significant long-term shareholder value. Our excellent year-to-date results, coupled with increased confidence in our business, lead us to raise our fiscal 2021 revenue, non-GAAP earnings and operating margin, and operating cash flow targets.” GAAP Results On a generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) basis, net income for the second quarter of fiscal 2021 was $195.1 million, or $1.24 per share, compared to $109.9 million, or $0.71 per share, for the second quarter of fiscal 2020. Non-GAAP Results On a non-GAAP basis, net income for the second quarter of fiscal 2021 was $267.1 million, or $1.70 per share, compared to non-GAAP net income of $188.3 million, or $1.22 per share, for the second quarter of fiscal 2020. For a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results, see “GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation” and the accompanying tables below. Business Segments Synopsys reports revenue and operating income in two segments: (1) Semiconductor & System Design, which includes EDA tools, IP products, system integration solutions and associated services, and (2) Software Integrity, which includes security and quality solutions for software development across many industries. Further information regarding these segments is provided at the end of this press release. Financial Targets Synopsys also provided its consolidated financial targets for the third quarter and full fiscal year 2021. These financial targets assume that there are no further changes to the current U.S. government “Entity List” restrictions for the rest of the fiscal year. These targets constitute forward-looking statements and are based on current expectations. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these targets, see “Forward-Looking Statements” below. Third Quarter and Fiscal Year 2021 Financial Targets (in millions except per share amounts) Q3 FY 2021 FY 2021 Low High Low High Revenue $ 1,030 $ 1,060 $ 4,035 $ 4,085 GAAP Expenses $ 807 $ 825 $ 3,241 $ 3,286 Non-GAAP Expenses $ 707 $ 717 $ 2,835 $ 2,865 Other Income (Expense) $ (3 ) $ (1 ) $ (9 ) $ (5 ) Normalized Annual Tax Rate (1) 16 % 16 % 16 % 16 % Outstanding Shares (fully diluted) 156 159 156 159 GAAP EPS $ 1.30 $ 1.41 $ 4.55 $ 4.72 Non-GAAP EPS $ 1.75 $ 1.80 $ 6.38 $ 6.45 Operating Cash Flow $ 1,250 $ 1,300 (1) Applied in non-GAAP net income calculations Earnings Call Open to Investors Synopsys will hold a conference call for financial analysts and investors today at 2:00 p.m. Pacific Time. A live webcast of the call will be available on Synopsys’ corporate website at www.synopsys.com. A recording of the call will be available by calling +1-866-207-1041 (+1-402-970-0847 for international callers), access code 8802871, beginning at 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time today, until 11:59 p.m. Pacific Time on May 26, 2021. A webcast replay will also be available on the website from approximately 5:30 p.m. Pacific Time today through the time Synopsys announces its results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2021 in August 2021. Synopsys will post copies of the prepared remarks of Aart de Geus, chairman and co-chief executive officer, and Trac Pham, chief financial officer, on its website following today’s call. In addition, Synopsys makes additional information available in a financial supplement and corporate overview presentation, also posted on the corporate website. Effectiveness of Information The targets included in this press release, the statements made during the earnings conference call and the information contained in the financial supplement and corporate overview presentation (available in the Investor Relations section of Synopsys’ corporate website at www.synopsys.com) represent Synopsys’ expectations and beliefs as of the date of this release only. Although this press release, copies of the prepared remarks of the co-chief executive officer and chief financial officer made during the call, the financial supplement, and the corporate overview presentation will remain available on Synopsys’ website through the date of the third quarter fiscal year 2021 earnings call in August 2021, their continued availability through such date does not mean that Synopsys is reaffirming or confirming their continued validity. Synopsys does not currently intend to report on its progress during the third quarter of fiscal year 2021 or comment to analysts or investors on, or otherwise update, the targets given in this release. Availability of Final Financial Statements Synopsys will include final financial statements for the second quarter fiscal year 2021 in its quarterly report on Form 10-Q to be filed by June 10, 2021. About Synopsys Synopsys, Inc. (Nasdaq: SNPS) is the Silicon to Software ™ partner for innovative companies developing the electronic products and software applications we rely on every day. As an S&P 500 company, Synopsys has a long history of being a global leader in electronic design automation (EDA) and semiconductor IP and offers the industry’s broadest portfolio of application security testing tools and services. Whether you’re a system-on-chip (SoC) designer creating advanced semiconductors, or a software developer writing more secure, high-quality code, Synopsys has the solutions needed to deliver innovative products. Learn more at www.synopsys.com . GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation Synopsys continues to provide all information required in accordance with GAAP but believes evaluating its ongoing operating results may not be as useful if an investor is limited to reviewing only GAAP financial measures. Accordingly, Synopsys presents non-GAAP financial measures in reporting its financial results to provide investors with an additional tool to evaluate Synopsys’ operating results in a manner that focuses on what Synopsys believes to be its core business operations and what Synopsys uses to evaluate its business operations and for internal planning and forecasting purposes. Synopsys’ management does not itself, nor does it suggest that investors should, consider such non-GAAP financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. Synopsys’ management believes it is useful for itself and investors to review, as applicable, both GAAP information that includes: (i) the amortization of acquired intangible assets, (ii) the impact of stock compensation, (iii) acquisition-related costs, (iv) restructuring charges, (v) the effects of certain settlements, final judgments and loss contingencies related to legal proceedings, and (vi) the income tax effect of non-GAAP pre-tax adjustments; and the non-GAAP measures that exclude such information in order to assess the performance of Synopsys’ business and for planning and forecasting in subsequent periods. Synopsys utilizes a normalized annual non-GAAP tax rate in the calculation of its non-GAAP measures to provide better consistency across interim reporting periods by eliminating the effects of non-recurring and period-specific items such as tax audit settlements, which can vary in size and frequency and not necessarily reflect our normal operations, and to more clearly align our tax rate with our expected geographic earnings mix. In projecting this rate, we evaluate our historical and projected mix of U.S. and international profit before tax, excluding the non-GAAP adjustments described above. We also consider other factors including our current tax structure, our existing tax positions, and expected recurring tax incentives. On an annual basis, we re-evaluate this rate for significant events, including changes in tax laws and regulations, that may materially affect our projections. Based upon our review, our projected normalized annual non-GAAP tax rate remains 16% through fiscal year 2021. Whenever Synopsys uses a non-GAAP financial measure, it provides a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the most closely applicable GAAP financial measure. Investors are encouraged to review the related GAAP financial measures and the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure as detailed below, as well as

Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On May 19, 2021, Synopsys, Inc. (“ Synopsys ”, “ we ”, “ our ”, or “ us ”) issued a press release announcing the financial results of its second fiscal quarter ended April 30, 2021. A copy of the press release is furnished and attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. The information in this Current Report, including the exhibit hereto, shall not be deemed to be “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section or Sections 11 and 12(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The information contained herein and in the accompanying exhibit shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Synopsys whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. The attached press release includes measures that are not in accordance with, or are an alternative for, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“ GAAP ”). The attached press release includes non-GAAP earnings per share, non-GAAP net income, targeted non-GAAP expenses, and targeted non-GAAP earnings per share. These non-GAAP measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies. In addition, these non-GAAP measures are not based on any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles, and management exercises judgment in determining which items should be excluded in the calculation of non-GAAP measures. While we believe that non-GAAP measures have limitations in that they do not reflect all of the amounts associated with our results of operations as determined in accordance with GAAP, we believe that non-GAAP measures are valuable in analyzing our core operations. Management analyzes current and future results on a GAAP basis as well as a non-GAAP basis and also provides GAAP and non-GAAP measures in our earnings release. The presentation of non-GAAP financial information is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the directly comparable financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. The non-GAAP financial measures are meant to supplement, and be viewed in conjunction with, GAAP financial measures. We believe that the…