Exhibit 99.1 Broadcom Inc. Announces Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Financial Results and Quarterly Dividend • Revenue of $8,876 million for the third quarter, up 5 percent from the prior year period • Adjusted EBITDA of $5,801 million for the third quarter • Non-GAAP diluted EPS of $10.54 for the third quarter; GAAP diluted EPS of $7.74 for the third quarter • Quarterly common stock dividend of $4.60 per share • Repurchased and eliminated 2.9 million shares for $2,167 million • Fourth quarter revenue guidance of approximately $9.27 billion, an increase of 4 percent from the prior year period • Fourth quarter Adjusted EBITDA guidance of approximately 65 percent of projected revenue (1) SAN JOSE, Calif. – August 31, 2023 – Broadcom Inc. (Nasdaq: AVGO), a global technology leader that designs, develops and supplies semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions, today reported financial results for its third quarter of fiscal year 2023, ended July 30, 2023, provided guidance for the fourth quarter of its fiscal year 2023 and announced its quarterly dividend. “Broadcom’s third quarter results were driven by demand for next generation networking technologies as hyperscale customers scale out and network their AI clusters within data centers,” said Hock Tan, President and CEO of Broadcom Inc. “Our fourth quarter outlook projects year-over-year growth, reflecting continued leadership in networking for generative AI.” “Consolidated revenue for the third quarter grew 5% year-over-year to $8.9 billion and adjusted EBITDA increased 8% year-over-year to 65% of revenue,” said Kirsten Spears, CFO of Broadcom Inc. “We generated $4.6 billion in free cash flow in the third quarter, and expect cash flows to remain solid for Q4.” Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Financial Highlights GAAP Non-GAAP (Dollars in millions, except per share data) Q3 23 Q3 22 Change Q3 23 Q3 22 Change Net revenue $ 8,876 $ 8,464 +5 % $ 8,876 $ 8,464 +5 % Net income $ 3,303 $ 3,074 +$229 $ 4,596 $ 4,241 +$355 Earnings per common share - diluted $ 7.74 $ 7.15 +$0.59 $ 10.54 $ 9.73 +$0.81 ________________________________ (1) The Company is not readily able to provide a reconciliation of the projected non-GAAP financial information presented to the relevant projected GAAP measure without unreasonable effort. 1 (Dollars in millions) Q3 23 Q3 22 Change Cash flow from operations $ 4,719 $ 4,424 +$295 Adjusted EBITDA $ 5,801 $ 5,378 +$423 Free cash flow $ 4,597 $ 4,308 +$289 Net revenue by segment (Dollars in millions) Q3 23 Q3 22 Change Semiconductor solutions $ 6,941 78 % $ 6,624 78 % +5 % Infrastructure software 1,935 22 1,840 22 +5 % Total net revenue $ 8,876 100 % $ 8,464 100 % The Company’s cash and cash equivalents at the end of the fiscal quarter were $12,055 million, compared to $11,553 million at the end of the prior quarter. During the third fiscal quarter, the Company generated $4,719 million in cash from operations and spent $122 million on capital expenditures. The Company spent $2,167 million on share repurchases and eliminations, consisting of $1,707 million in repurchases of 2.4 million shares and $460 million of withholding tax payments related to net settled equity awards that vested in the quarter (representing approximately 0.5 million shares withheld). On June 30, 2023, the Company paid a cash dividend of $4.60 per share, totaling $1,901 million. The differences between the Company’s GAAP and non-GAAP results are described generally under “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” below, and presented in detail in the financial reconciliation tables attached to this release. Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Business Outlook Based on current business trends and conditions, the outlook for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023, ending October 29, 2023, is expected to be as follows: • Fourth quarter revenue guidance of approximately $9.27 billion; and • Fourth quarter Adjusted EBITDA guidance of approximately 65 percent of projected revenue. The guidance provided above is only an estimate of what the Company believes is realizable as of the date of this release. The Company is not readily able to provide a reconciliation of projected Adjusted EBITDA to projected net income without unreasonable effort. Actual results will vary from the guidance and the variations may be material. The Company undertakes no intent or obligation to publicly update or revise any of these projections, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Quarterly Dividends The Company’s Board of Directors has approved a quarterly cash dividend of $4.60 per share. The dividend is payable on September 29, 2023 to stockholders of record at the close of business (5:00 p.m. Eastern Time) on September 21, 2023. Financial Results Conference Call 2 Broadcom Inc. will host a conference call to review its financial results for the third quarter fiscal year 2023 and to discuss the business outlook, today at 2:00 p.m. Pacific Time. To Listen via Internet: The conference call can be accessed live online in the Investors section of the Broadcom website at https://investors.broadcom.com/. To Listen via Telephone: Preregistration is required by the conference call operator. Please preregister at https://register.vevent.com/register/BIab1222c9ed364122895c0b8a81ef898b. Upon registering, you will be emailed a link to the dial-in number and unique PIN. Replay: An audio replay of the conference call can be accessed for one year through the Investors section of Broadcom's website at https://investors.broadcom.com/. Non-GAAP Financial Measures The non-GAAP measures should not be considered as a substitute for, or superior to, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP financial data is included in the supplemental financial data attached to this press release. Broadcom believes non-GAAP financial information provides additional insight into the Company’s on-going performance. Therefore, Broadcom provides this information to investors for a more consistent basis of comparison and to help them evaluate the results of the Company’s on-going operations and enable more meaningful period to period comparisons. In addition to GAAP reporting, Broadcom provides investors with net income, operating income, gross margin, operating expenses, cash flow and other data on a non-GAAP basis. This non-GAAP information excludes amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, stock-based compensation expense, restructuring and other charges, acquisition-related costs, including integration costs, non-GAAP tax reconciling adjustments, and other adjustments. Management does not believe that these items are reflective of the Company’s underlying performance. Internally, these non-GAAP measures are significant measures used by management for purposes of evaluating the core operating performance of the Company, establishing internal budgets, calculating return on investment for development programs and growth initiatives, comparing performance with internal forecasts and targeted business models, strategic planning, evaluating and valuing potential acquisition candidates and how their operations compare to the Company’s operations, and benchmarking performance externally against the Company’s competitors. The exclusion of these and other similar items from Broadcom’s non-GAAP financial results should not be interpreted as implying that these items are non-recurring, infrequent or unusual. Free cash flow measures have limitations as they omit certain components of the overall cash flow statement and do not represent the residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures. Investors should not consider presentation of free cash flow measures as implying that stockholders have any right to such cash. Broadcom’s free cash flow may not be calculated in a manner comparable to similarly named measures used by other companies. About Broadcom Inc. Broadcom Inc. (NASDAQ: AVGO), a Delaware corporation headquartered in San Jose, CA, is a global technology leader that designs, develops and supplies a broad range of semiconductor and infrastructure 3 software solutions. Broadcom's category-leading product portfolio serves critical markets including data center, networking, enterprise software, broadband, wireless, storage and industrial. Our solutions include data center networking and storage, enterprise, mainframe and cyber security software focused on automation, monitoring and security, smartphone components, telecoms and factory automation. For more information, go to https://www.broadcom.com. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This announcement contains forward-looking statements (including within the meaning of Section 21E of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 27A of the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended) concerning Broadcom. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements that address our expected future business and financial performance, our plans and expectations with regard to our share repurchases, and other statements identified by words such as “will,” “expect,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “should,” “intend,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “aim,” and similar words, phrases or expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and beliefs of the management of Broadcom, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to such management, current market trends and market conditions and involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside the Company’s and management’s control and may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on such statements. Particular uncertainties that could materially affect future results include risks associated with: global economic conditions and concerns; cyclicality in the semiconductor industry or in our target markets; any loss of our significant customers and fluctuations in the timing and volume of significant customer demand; our dependence on contract manufacturing and outsourced supply chain; our dependency on a limited number of suppliers; government regulations and administrative proceedings, trade restrictions and trade tensions; global political and economic conditions; failing to complete or realize the expected benefits of our acquisition of VMware, Inc.; any acquisitions we may make, including our acquisition of VMware, such as delays, challenges and expenses associated with receiving governmental and regulatory approvals and satisfying other closing conditions, and with integrating acquired businesses with our existing businesses and our ability to achieve the benefits, growth prospects and synergies expected by such acquisitions; our significant indebtedness and the need to generate sufficient cash flows to service and repay such debt; the amount and frequency of our share repurchase programs; dependence on and risks associated with distributors and resellers of our products; dependence on senior management and our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; involvement in legal proceedings; quarterly and annual fluctuations in operating results; our ability to accurately estimate customers’ demand and adjust our manufacturing and supply chain accordingly; our competitive performance and ability to continue achieving design wins with our customers, as well as the timing of any design wins; prolonged disruptions of our or our contract manufacturers’ manufacturing facilities, warehouses or other significant operations; our ability to improve our manufacturing efficiency and quality; our dependence on outsourced service providers for certain key business services and their ability to execute to our requirements; our ability to protect against cyber…