EXHIBIT 99.1 Document Visa Inc. Reports Fiscal First Quarter 2024 Results San Francisco, CA, January 25, 2024 – Visa Inc. (NYSE: V) • GAAP net income of $4.9B or $2.39 per share and non-GAAP net income of $4.9B or $2.41 per share • Net revenues of $8.6B, an increase of 9% on a nominal and constant-dollar basis • Payments volume growth and processed transaction growth were relatively stable and cross-border volume growth remained strong • Share repurchases and dividends of $4.4B Income Statement Summary In billions, except percentages and per share data. % change is calculated over the comparable prior-year period. Q1 2024 Ryan McInerney , Chief Executive Officer, Visa Inc., commented on the results: USD % Change Net Revenues $8.6 9% GAAP Net Income $4.9 17% "Our 2024 fiscal year is off to a solid start. In our first quarter, net revenues grew 9% and GAAP EPS grew 20%, driven by relatively stable growth in overall payments volume and processed transactions, plus strong growth in cross-border volume. Consumer spending remained resilient. Looking ahead, we continue to see significant opportunity across consumer payments, new flows and value added services." GAAP Earnings Per Share $2.39 20% Non-GAAP Net Income (1) $4.9 8% Non-GAAP Earnings Per Share (1) $2.41 11% (1) Refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures for further details and a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP measures presented. Key Business Drivers YoY increase / (decrease), volume in constant dollars Q1 2024 Payments Volume 8% Cross-Border Volume Excluding Intra-Europe (2) 16% Cross-Border Volume Total 16% Processed Transactions 9% (2) Cross-border volume excluding transactions within Europe. Fiscal First Quarter 2024 — Financial Highlights GAAP net income in the fiscal first quarter was $4.9 billion or $2.39 per share, an increase of 17% and 20%, respectively, over prior year’s results. Current year’s results included $4 million of net gains from equity investments and $61 million from the amortization of acquired intangible assets and acquisition-related costs. Prior year’s results included a special item of $341 million for a litigation provision associated with the interchange multidistrict litigation ("MDL") case, $106 million of net losses from equity investments, and $66 million from the amortization of acquired intangible assets and acquisition-related costs. Excluding these items and related tax impacts, non-GAAP net income for the quarter was $4.9 billion or $2.41 per share, increases of 8% and 11%, respectively, over prior year’s results (refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures for further details). GAAP earnings per share growth was approximately 20% on a constant-dollar basis, which excludes the impact of foreign currency fluctuations against the U.S. dollar. Non-GAAP earnings per share growth was approxima tely 10% on a constant-dollar basis. All references to earnings per share assume fully-diluted class A share count. Net revenues in the fiscal first quarter were $8.6 billion, an increase of 9%, driven by the year-over-year growth in payments volume, cross-border volume and processed transactions. Net revenues increased 9% on a constant-dollar basis. Payments volume for the three months ended September 30, 2023, on which fiscal first quarter service revenues are recognized, increased 9% over the prior year on a constant-dollar basis. Payments volume for the three months ended December 31, 2023 increased 8% over the prior year on a constant-dollar basis. Cross-border volume excluding transactions within Europe, which drives our international transaction revenues, increased 16% on a constant-dollar basis for the three months ended December 31, 2023. Total cross-border volume on a constant-dollar basis increased 16% in the quarter. Total processed transactions, which represent transactions processed by Visa, for the three months ended December 31, 2023, were 57.5 billion, a 9% increase over the prior year. Fiscal first quarter service revenues were $3.9 billion, an increase of 11% over the prior year, and are recognized based on payments volume in the prior quarter. All other revenue categories are recognized based on current quarter activity. Data processing revenues rose 14% over the prior year to $4.4 billion. International transaction revenues grew 8% over the prior year to $3.0 billion. Other revenues of $692 million rose 18% over the prior year. Client incentives were $3.3 billion, up 20% over the prior year. GAAP operating expenses were $2.7 billion for the fiscal first quarter, a 6% decrease over the prior year's results, primarily driven by a decrease in the litigation provision, somewhat offset by an increase in personnel expenses. GAAP operating expenses included the amortization of acquired intangible assets and acquisition-related costs in the current and prior year and the special item related to the litigation provision associated with the MDL case in the prior year. Excluding these operating expense items, non-GAAP operating expenses increased 7% over the prior year, primarily driven by an increase in personnel expenses. GAAP non-operating income was $88 million for the fiscal first quarter, including $4 million of net equity investment gains. Excluding this item, non-GAAP non-operating income was $84 million. GAAP effective income tax rate was 19.1% for the quarter ended December 31, 2023. Excluding the related tax impacts from the non-GAAP items noted above, the non-GAAP effective income tax rate was 19.0% for the quarter ended December 31, 2023. Cash, cash equivalents and investment securities were $21.4 billion at December 31, 2023. The weighted-average number of diluted shares of class A common stock outstanding was 2.05 billion for the quarter ended December 31, 2023. 2 Other Notable Items On December 15, 2023, Visa announced it signed a definitive agreement to acquire a majority interest in Prosa, a leading payments processor in Mexico. The transaction is subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions and is expected to close during the second half of 2024. On January 16, 2024, Visa announced it completed its acquisition of Pismo, a global cloud-native issuer processing and core banking platform. With the transaction complete, the combination of Visa and Pismo will provide clients with core banking and card-issuer processing capabilities across all product types via cloud-native APIs. Pismo’s platform will also enable Visa to provide support and connectivity for emerging payment schemes and RTP networks for financial institution clients. On January 23, 2024, Visa’s common stockholders approved amendments to our certificate of incorporation authorizing Visa to implement the class B exchange offer program. The certificate of incorporation amendments automatically redenominate all shares of class B common stock as class B-1 common stock with no changes to the par value, conversion features, rights and privileges of the class B common stock. During the three months ended December 31, 2023, Visa repurchased 14.0 million shares of class A common stock at an average cost of $239.45 per share for $3.4 billion. The Company had $26.4 billion of remaining authorized funds for share repurchases as of December 31, 2023. On January 23, 2024, the board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.520 per share of class A common stock (determined in the case of class B-1 and C common stock and series A, B and C convertible participating preferred stock on an as-converted basis) payable on March 1, 2024, to all holders of record as of February 9, 2024. Financial Outlook The earnings presentation contains the financial outlook for fiscal second quarter and fiscal full-year 2024. The presentation and other related materials are available on Visa’s Investor Relations website at investor.visa.com . Fiscal First Quarter 2024 Earnings Results Call Details Visa’s executive management team will host a live audio webcast beginning at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time (2:00 p.m. Pacific Time) today to discuss the financial results and business highlights. All interested parties are invited to listen to the live webcast at investor.visa.com . A replay of the webcast will be available on the Visa Investor Relations website for 30 days. Investor information, including supplemental financial information and operational performance data, is available on the Visa Investor Relations website at investor.visa.com . 3 Forward-Looking Statements Our earnings release and related materials contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that relate to, among other things, our future operations, prospects, developments, strategies, business growth, anticipated timing and benefits of our acquisitions, financial outlook, and the implementation of an exchange offer program that would have the effect of releasing transfer restrictions on portions of our class B common stock. Forward-looking statements generally are identified by words such as “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “may,” “projects,” “outlook,” “could,” “should,” “will,” “continue” and other similar expressions. All statements other than statements of historical fact could be forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made, are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond our control and are difficult to predict. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, our forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: • impact of complex and evolving global regulations; • increased oversight and regulation of the global payments industry and our business; • impact of government-imposed obligations and/or restrictions on international payment systems; • impact of laws and regulations regarding the handling of personal data and information; • outcome of tax, litigation and governmental investigation matters, or changes in tax laws; • increasingly intense competition in the payments industry, including competition for our clients and merchants; • continued efforts to lower acceptance costs and challenge industry practices; • our ability to maintain relationships with our clients, acquirers, processors, merchants, payments facilitators, ecommerce platforms, fintechs and other third parties; • brand or reputational damage; • impact of global economic, political, market, health and social events or conditions, including the war in Ukraine and the sanctions and other measures being imposed in response; • our aspirations to address corporate responsibility and sustainability matters and considerations; • exposure to loss or illiquidity due to settlement guarantees; • proliferation and continuous evolution of new technologies and business models in the payments industry; • a disruption, failure, breach or cyber-attack of our networks or systems; • risks, uncertainties and the failure to achieve the anticipated benefits with respect to our acquisitions, joint ventures and other strategic investments; • the conversions of our class B and class C common stock or series A, B and C preferred stock into shares of class A common stock would result in voting dilution to, and could impact the market price of, our existing class A common stock; and • other factors described in our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2023, and any subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. Except as required by law, we do not intend to update or revise any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. About Visa Inc. Visa (NYSE: V) is a world leader in digital payments, facilitating transactions between consumers, merchants, financial institutions and government entities across…