Exhibit 99.1 Booking Holdings Reports Financial Results for 3 rd Quarter 2019 NORWALK, CT – November 7, 2019 . . . Booking Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: BKNG) today reported its 3 rd quarter 2019 financial results. Third quarter gross travel bookings for Booking Holdings Inc. (the "Company," "Booking Holdings," "we," "our" or "us"), which refers to the total dollar value, generally inclusive of taxes and fees, of all travel services booked by its customers, net of cancellations, were $25.3 billion , an increase of 4% over a year ago (approximately 7% on a constant-currency basis). Room nights booked in the 3rd quarter increased 11% over a year ago. Booking Holdings' total revenues for the 3 rd quarter of 2019 were $5.0 billion , a 4% increase from the prior year (approximately 7% on a constant-currency basis). Net income in the 3 rd quarter was $2.0 billion , which was 10% higher than the prior year. Net income was $45.54 per diluted share, a 23% increase as compared to the prior year. Non-GAAP net income in the 3 rd quarter was $1.9 billion , an 8% increase versus the prior year. Non-GAAP net income in the 3 rd quarter was $45.36 per diluted share, a 20% increase as compared to the prior year. Adjusted EBITDA for the 3 rd quarter was $2.5 billion , a 5% increase versus a year ago. The section below entitled " Non-GAAP Financial Measures " provides definitions and information about the use of non-GAAP financial measures in this press release, and the attached financial and statistical supplement reconciles non-GAAP financial information with Booking Holdings' financial results under GAAP. "Booking Holdings executed well in our busiest quarter of the year as we booked 223 million room nights, which is up 11% year-over-year" said Glenn Fogel, Chief Executive Officer of Booking Holdings. Mr. Fogel continued, "Our third quarter financial results highlight our meaningful size and scale that we intend to leverage as we invest against a very large global travel market opportunity." 1 Booking Holdings' guidance for the 4 th quarter of 2019 is as follows: Guidance Ranges (U.S. Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) Low High Metrics Year over year growth - Room nights booked 6 % 8 % Year over year growth - Total gross travel bookings 0.5 % 2.5 % Year over year growth - Total gross travel bookings (constant currency) 2 % 4 % GAAP Year over year growth - Revenue (0.5 )% 1.5 % Year over year growth - Revenue (constant currency) 1 % 3 % Net income (1)(3) $ 860 $ 880 Net income per diluted share (2)(3) $ 20.40 $ 20.90 Non-GAAP Non-GAAP Net income (1) $ 905 $ 925 Non-GAAP Net income per diluted share (2) $ 21.50 $ 22.00 Adjusted EBITDA $ 1,210 $ 1,235 (1) Assumes an estimated effective tax rate for the 4 th quarter of 2019 of approximately 19%. (2) Assumes a fully diluted share count of approximately 42.2 million shares. (3) Guidance for the 4 th quarter of 2019 for GAAP net income and net income per diluted share excludes the impact of unrealized gains and losses on marketable equity securities and foreign currency transaction gains or losses on our Euro-denominated debt that is not designated as a hedging instrument for accounting purposes, both of which are not predictable. Non-GAAP adjustments for amortization expense of intangible assets, non-cash interest expense related to the amortization of debt discount and the tax impact of these non-GAAP adjustments are expected to increase non-GAAP net income over GAAP net income by approximately $45 million in the 4 th quarter of 2019, before considering the impact of unrealized gains or losses on marketable equity securities and foreign currency transaction gains or losses on our Euro-denominated debt that is not designated as a hedging instrument for accounting purposes, both of which are not predictable. Adjusted EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) is comprised of GAAP net income excluding depreciation and amortization expense, interest income, interest expense, unrealized gains and losses on marketable equity securities, foreign currency transaction gains or losses on our Euro-denominated debt that is not designated as a hedging instrument for accounting purposes and income tax expense. Adjusted EBITDA is estimated to be higher than GAAP net income by approximately $350 million to $355 million in the 4 th quarter of 2019, before considering the impact of unrealized gains or losses on marketable equity securities and foreign currency transaction gains or losses on our Euro-denominated debt that is not designated as a hedging instrument for accounting purposes, both of which are not predictable. Non-GAAP Financial Measures The Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") and include all normal and recurring adjustments that management of the Company considers necessary for a fair presentation of its financial position and operating results. To supplement the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company uses the following non-GAAP financial measures: Non-GAAP total revenues, adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP net income per diluted share and free cash flow (net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures). The 2 presentation of non-GAAP financial information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. The Company uses non-GAAP financial measures for financial and operational decision-making and as a basis to evaluate performance and set targets for employee compensation programs. The Company believes that these non- GAAP financial measures are useful for analysts and investors to evaluate the Company's ongoing operating performance because they facilitate comparison of the Company's results for the current period and projected next-period results to those of prior periods and to those of its competitors (though other companies may calculate similar non-GAAP financial measures differently from those calculated by the Company). These non-GAAP financial measures, in particular adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP net income and free cash flow are not intended to represent funds available for Booking Holdings' discretionary use and are not intended to represent or to be used as a substitute for operating income, net income or cash flow from operations as measured under GAAP. The items excluded from these non-GAAP measures but included in the calculation of their closest GAAP equivalent, are significant components of the Company's consolidated statements of operations and cash flows and must be considered in performing a comprehensive assessment of overall financial performance. Non-GAAP net income is net income with the following adjustments: • excludes the impact, if any, of significant charges or benefits associated with judgments, rulings, settlements and/or certain adjustments related to prior periods arising from travel transaction tax (e.g., hotel occupancy taxes, excise taxes, sales taxes, etc.) proceedings or other litigation or obligations, • excludes the impact of certain loyalty program adjustments, such as the favorable $27 million adjustment to total revenues in the 1 st quarter of 2018 related to changes introduced in that same quarter to OpenTable’s loyalty program, • excludes a $66 million charge in the 2 nd quarter of 2019 to correct an immaterial error related to the nonpayment of prior-period wage-related tax on compensation paid to certain highly-compensated former employees in the year of separation, • excludes amortization expense of intangible assets, • excludes the impact, if any, of significant charges related to the impairment of goodwill or intangible assets, • excludes non-cash interest expense related to the amortization of debt discount and gains or losses on early extinguishment of debt, if any, related to our convertible debt, • excludes the impact, if any, of significant gains or losses on the sale of cost-method investments and significant charges related to other-than-temporary impairments of such investments, • excludes unrealized gains and losses on marketable equity securities, which are recognized in net income, • excludes foreign currency transaction gains or losses on Euro-denominated debt that is not designated as a hedging instrument for accounting purposes, • excludes income taxes related to convertible notes held for investment that matured in the 3 rd quarter of 2019, and were reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss to income tax expense, • excludes the income tax impact related to one-time adjustments as a result of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ("Tax Act") enacted in December 2017, if any, and • the income tax impact of the non-GAAP adjustments mentioned above. In addition to the adjustments listed above regarding non-GAAP net income, adjusted EBITDA excludes depreciation expense, interest income, interest expense and income tax expense. We evaluate certain operating and financial measures on both an as-reported and constant-currency basis. We calculate constant currency by converting our current-year period results for transactions recorded in currencies other than U.S. Dollars using the corresponding prior-year period monthly average exchange rates rather than the current-year period monthly average exchange rates. The attached financial and statistical supplement includes reconciliations of our financial results under GAAP to non-GAAP financial information for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2019 and 2018 . 3 Information About Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements, including information providing guidance of expected future period financial performance. These forward-looking statements reflect the views of the Company's management regarding current expectations and projections about future events and are based on currently available information and current foreign currency exchange rates. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict; therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals and similar expressions including, "may," "will," "should," "could," "aims," "seeks," "expects," "plans," "anticipates," "intends," "believes," "estimates," "predicts," "potential," "targets," and "continue," reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. The following factors, among others, could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements: -- adverse changes in general market conditions for travel services, including the effects of macroeconomic conditions, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, health concerns, civil or political unrest or other events outside our control; -- the effects of competition; -- fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and other risks associated with doing business in multiple currencies; -- our ability to successfully manage our growth and expand our global business; -- our ability to respond to and keep up with the rapid pace of technological and market changes; -- our performance marketing efficiency and the general effectiveness of our marketing efforts; -- IT systems-related failures, data privacy risks and obligations, and/or security breaches; -- any change by our search and meta-search partners in how they present travel search results or conduct their auctions for search placement in a manner that is competitively disadvantageous to us; -- any write-downs or impairments of goodwill or intangible assets related to acquisitions or investments; -- adverse changes in…