Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition On March 21, 2024, Accenture plc (“Accenture”) issued a news release announcing financial results for its second quarter of fiscal 2024, which ended on February 29, 2024. A copy of the news release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99. All information in the news release is furnished but not filed. Non-GAAP Financial Information In the attached news release Accenture discloses the following non-GAAP financial measures: • Free cash flow (defined as operating cash flow net of property and equipment additions). Accenture’s management believes that this information provides meaningful additional information regarding the company’s liquidity. • Percentage changes in revenues and bookings on a local currency basis. Financial results in local currency are calculated by restating current period activity into U.S. dollars using the comparable prior year period’s foreign currency exchange rates. This approach is used for all results where the functional currency is not the U.S. dollar. Accenture’s management believes that information regarding changes in its revenues and bookings that excludes the effect of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates facilitates meaningful comparison of its revenues. • Adjusted financial measures excluding the impact of business optimization costs and gain on an investment. Accenture’s management believes that information regarding the effect of the business optimization costs and the investment gain facilitates an understanding as to the impact of these items and the company’s performance in comparison to the prior period. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP are included in the news release. While Accenture’s management believes that this non-GAAP financial information is useful in evaluating Accenture’s operations, this information should be considered as supplemental in nature and not as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP.

Exhibit 99. All information in the news release is furnished but not filed. Non-GAAP Financial Information In the attached news release Accenture discloses the following non-GAAP financial measures: • Free cash flow (defined as operating cash flow net of property and equipment additions). Accenture’s management believes that this information provides meaningful additional information regarding the company’s liquidity. • Percentage changes in revenues and bookings on a local currency basis. Financial results in local currency are calculated by restating current period activity into U.S. dollars using the comparable prior year period’s foreign currency exchange rates. This approach is used for all results where the functional currency is not the U.S. dollar. Accenture’s management believes that information regarding changes in its revenues and bookings that excludes the effect of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates facilitates meaningful comparison of its revenues. • Adjusted financial measures excluding the impact of business optimization costs and gain on an investment. Accenture’s management believes that information regarding the effect of the business optimization costs and the investment gain facilitates an understanding as to the impact of these items and the company’s performance in comparison to the prior period. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP are included in the news release. While Accenture’s management believes that this non-GAAP financial information is useful in evaluating Accenture’s operations, this information should be considered as supplemental in nature and not as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP.