Exhibit 99.01 Cadence Reports First Quarter 2020 Financial Results SAN JOSE, Calif. — April 20, 2020 — Cadence Design Systems, Inc. (Nasdaq: CDNS) today announced results for the first quarter of 2020. Cadence reported first quarter 2020 revenue of $618 million, compared to revenue of $577 million reported for the same period in 2019. On a GAAP basis, Cadence achieved operating margin of 23 percent and recognized net income of $124 million, or $0.44 per share on a diluted basis, in the first quarter of 2020, compared to operating margin of 22 percent and net income of $121 million, or $0.43 per share on a diluted basis, for the same period in 2019. Using the non-GAAP measure defined below, operating margin for the first quarter of 2020 was 32 percent and net income was $166 million, or $0.60 per share on a diluted basis, compared to operating margin of 32 percent and net income of $152 million, or $0.54 per share on a diluted basis, for the same period in 2019. “I am pleased to report that in a difficult environment we have continued to deliver on our strategy and commitments, leading to excellent financial results for the first quarter of 2020, and we are reaffirming our 10 percent revenue growth guidance for the year,” said Lip-Bu Tan, chief executive officer. “We are going through truly unprecedented times and our first priority is ensuring the safety and well-being of our employees, customers and communities. From a business continuity perspective, our infrastructure, collaboration platforms and tight communication have enabled us to maintain a high level of productivity, and our R&D innovation projects and customer deliverables continue to track well.” “Cadence met or exceeded its key financial metrics for the first quarter despite some disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic,” said John Wall, senior vice president and chief financial officer. “The vast majority of our team are effectively working from home, including our sales and application engineering teams that have adapted well to this new work model as they continue to engage productively with customers on the business, training and support fronts.” CFO Commentary Commentary on the first quarter 2020 financial results by John Wall, senior vice president and chief financial officer, is available at www.cadence.com/cadence/investor_relations. Business Outlook For the second quarter of 2020, the company expects total revenue in the range of $580 million to $600 million. Second quarter GAAP operating margin is expected to be approximately 18 percent and GAAP net income per diluted share is expected to be in the range of $0.28 to $0.32. Using the non-GAAP measure defined below, operating margin is expected to be approximately 30 percent and net income per diluted share is expected to be in the range of $0.50 to $0.54. For 2020, the company expects total revenue in the range of $2.545 billion to $2.585 billion. On a GAAP basis, operating margin is expected to be in the range of 21 percent to 22 percent and net income per diluted share for 2020 is expected to be in the range of $1.58 to $1.68. Using the non-GAAP measure defined below, operating margin for 2020 is expected to be in the range of 32 percent to 33 percent and net income per diluted share for 2020 is expected to be in the range of $2.40 to $2.50. A schedule showing a reconciliation of the business outlook from GAAP operating margin, GAAP net income and diluted net income per share to non-GAAP operating margin and non-GAAP net income and diluted net income per share is included in this release. Audio Webcast Scheduled Lip-Bu Tan, chief executive officer, and John Wall, senior vice president and chief financial officer, will host the first quarter 2020 financial results audio webcast today, April 20, 2020, at 2 p.m. (Pacific) / 5 p.m. (Eastern). Attendees are asked to register at the website at least 10 minutes prior to the scheduled webcast. An archive of the webcast will be available starting April 20, 2020 at 5 p.m. (Pacific) and ending June 12, 2020 at 5 p.m. (Pacific). Webcast access is available at www.cadence.com/cadence/investor_relations. About Cadence Cadence is a pivotal leader in electronic design, building upon more than 30 years of computational software expertise. The company applies its underlying Intelligent System Design strategy to deliver software, hardware and IP that turn design concepts into reality. Cadence customers are the world’s most innovative companies, delivering extraordinary electronic products from chips to boards to systems for the most dynamic market applications including consumer, hyperscale computing, 5G communications, automotive, aerospace, industrial and health. For six years in a row, Fortune Magazine has named Cadence one of the 100 Best Companies to Work For. Learn more at cadence.com . © 2020 Cadence Design Systems, Inc. All rights reserved worldwide. Cadence, the Cadence logo and the other Cadence marks found at www.cadence.com/go/trademarks are trademarks or registered trademarks of Cadence Design Systems, Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. The statements contained above, as well as the information in the Business Outlook section, are or include forward-looking statements based on current expectations and preliminary assumptions that are subject to factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are outside Cadence’s control, including, among others: (i) Cadence’s ability to compete successfully in the electronic design automation product and the commercial electronic design and methodology services industries; (ii) the success of Cadence’s efforts to improve operational efficiency and growth, including strategic, customer and supplier relationships; (iii) the mix of products and services sold, the timing of orders and the ability to develop, install or deliver Cadence’s products or services; (iv) change in customer demands that could result in delays in purchases, development, installations or deliveries of Cadence's products or services, including those resulting from consolidation, restructurings and other operational efficiency improvements of Cadence’s customers, economic conditions, government regulations, trade restrictions or the COVID-19 pandemic; (v) economic and industry conditions, government regulations, trade restrictions and the duration and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic and containment measures in regions in which Cadence does business; (vi) fluctuations in rates of exchange between the U.S. dollar and the currencies of other countries in which Cadence does business; (vii) capital expenditure requirements, legislative or regulatory requirements, changes in tax laws, interest rates and Cadence’s ability to access capital and debt markets; (viii) the acquisition of other companies or technologies or the failure to successfully integrate and operate these companies or technologies Cadence acquires, including the potential inability to retain customers, key employees or vendors; (ix) the effects of Cadence’s efforts to maintain and improve operational efficiency in its business, including its ability to retain key employees and to have the vast majority of its employees work remotely during the COVID-19 pandemic; (x) events that affect cash flow, liquidity, or reserves, or settlement assumptions Cadence may take from time to time with respect to accounts receivable, taxes and tax examinations, litigation or other matters; (xi) the effects of any litigation or other proceedings to which Cadence is or may become a party; and (xii) the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and containment measures. In addition, the timing and amount of Cadence's repurchase of its common stock under the authorizations will be subject to business and market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, stock price, acquisition opportunities and other factors. For a detailed discussion of these and other cautionary statements related to Cadence’s business, please refer to Cadence’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, which include Cadence’s most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including Cadence’s future filings. GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation Non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered as a substitute for or superior to measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. Investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures contained within this press release with their most directly comparable GAAP financial results. Investors are also encouraged to look at the GAAP results as the best measure of financial performance. To supplement Cadence’s financial results presented on a GAAP basis, Cadence management uses non-GAAP measures that it believes are helpful in understanding Cadence’s performance. One such measure is non-GAAP net income, which is a financial measure not calculated under GAAP. Non-GAAP net income is calculated by Cadence management by taking GAAP net income and excluding, as applicable, amortization of intangible assets, stock-based compensation expense, acquisition and integration-related costs including retention expenses, investment gains or losses, income or expenses related to Cadence’s non-qualified deferred compensation plan, restructuring, executive severance and other significant items not directly related to Cadence’s core business operations, and the income tax effect of non-GAAP pre-tax adjustments. Cadence management uses non-GAAP net income because it excludes items that are generally not directly related to the performance of Cadence’s core business operations and therefore provides supplemental information to Cadence management and investors regarding the performance of the business operations, facilitates comparisons to the historical operating results and allows the review of Cadence's business from the same perspective as Cadence management, including forecasting and budgeting. The following tables reconcile the specific items excluded from GAAP operating margin, GAAP net income and GAAP net income per diluted share in the calculation of non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP net income per diluted share for the periods shown below: Operating Margin Reconciliation Three Months Ended March 28, 2020 March 30, 2019 (unaudited) GAAP operating margin as a percent of total revenue 23% 22% Reconciling items to non-GAAP operating margin as a percent of total revenue: Amortization of acquired intangibles 2% 2% Stock-based compensation expense 7% 7% Non-qualified deferred compensation expenses (credits) (1)% 1% Restructuring and other credits 0% 0% Acquisition and integration-related costs 1% 0% Special charges 0% 0% Non-GAAP operating margin as a percent of total revenue 32% 32% Net Income Reconciliation Three Months Ended March 28, 2020 March 30, 2019 (unaudited) (in thousands) Net income on a GAAP basis $ 123,988 $ 120,555 Amortization of acquired intangibles 15,066 13,162 Stock-based compensation expense 46,482 42,253 Non-qualified deferred compensation expenses (credits) (4,796 ) 2,540 Restructuring and other credits (1,067 ) (689 ) Acquisition and integration-related costs 3,970 914 Special charges 124 — Other income or expense related to investments and non-qualified deferred compensation plan assets* 8,011 (5,187 ) Income tax effect of non-GAAP adjustments (25,483 ) (21,307 ) Net income on a non-GAAP basis $ 166,295 $ 152,241 * Includes, as applicable, equity in losses or income from investments, write-down of investments, gains or losses on investments and gains or losses on non-qualified deferred compensation plan assets recorded in other income or expense. Diluted Net Income Per Share…