Exhibit 99.1 Zoom Video Communications Reports Financial Results for the First Quarter of Fiscal Year 2024 • First quarter total revenue of $1,105.4 million, up 3% year over year as reported and 5% in constant currency • First quarter Enterprise revenue of $632.0 million, up 13% year over year • First quarter GAAP operating margin of 0.9% and non-GAAP operating margin of 38.2% • Number of customers contributing more than $100,000 in trailing 12 months revenue up 23% year over year San Jose, California – May 22, 2023 – Zoom Video Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ: ZM), today announced financial results for the first fiscal quarter ended April 30, 2023. “The Zoom platform is designed to support limitless human connection to empower the modern workday and strengthen customer relationships. Our customers see Zoom as mission-critical in how they collaborate internally and externally across the globe,” said Eric S. Yuan, Zoom Founder and CEO. “This relationship with our customers helped us to exceed our guidance due to Enterprise growth and stabilizing Online revenue while driving greater efficiencies in our business to deliver strong profitability and free cash flow margin. The solid start to the year has enabled us to raise our outlook for fiscal year 2024 while continuing to invest in innovations such as AI to help make interactions more meaningful and communications more effective.” First Quarter Fiscal Year 2024 Financial Highlights: • Revenue: Total revenue for the first quarter was $1,105.4 million, up 3% year over year. After adjusting for foreign currency impact, revenue in constant currency was $1,123.8 million, up 5% year over year. Enterprise revenue was $632.0 million, up 13% year over year, and Online revenue was $473.4 million, down 8% year over year. • Income from Operations and Operating Margin: GAAP income from operations for the first quarter was $9.7 million, compared to GAAP income from operations of $187.1 million in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023. After adjusting for stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes, acquisition-related expenses, restructuring expenses, and ligation settlements, net, non-GAAP income from operations for the first quarter was $422.3 million, compared to non-GAAP income from operations of $399.6 million in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023. For the first quarter, GAAP operating margin was 0.9% and non-GAAP operating margin was 38.2%. • Net Income and Diluted Net Income Per Share: GAAP net income attributable to common stockholders for the first quarter was $15.4 million, or $0.05 per share, compared to GAAP net income attributable to common stockholders of $113.6 million, or $0.37 per share in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023. Non-GAAP net income for the first quarter was $353.3 million, after adjusting for stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes, losses (gains) on strategic investments, net, acquisition-related expenses, restructuring expenses, litigation settlements, net, undistributed earnings attributable to participating securities, and the tax effects on non-GAAP adjustments. Non-GAAP net income per share was $1.16. In the first quarter of fiscal year 2023, non-GAAP net income was $315.8 million, or $1.03 per share. • Cash and Marketable Securities: Total cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, excluding restricted cash, as of April 30, 2023 was $5.6 billion. • Cash Flow: Net cash provided by operating activities was $418.5 million for the first quarter, compared to $526.2 million in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023. Free cash flow, which is net cash provided by operating activities less purchases of property and equipment, was $396.7 million, compared to $501.1 million in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023. Customer Metrics: Drivers of total revenue included acquiring new customers and expanding across existing customers. At the end of the first quarter of fiscal year 2024, Zoom had: • Approximately 215,900 Enterprise customers, up 9% from the same quarter last fiscal year. • A trailing 12-month net dollar expansion rate for Enterprise customers of 112%. • 3,580 customers contributing more than $100,000 in trailing 12 months revenue, up approximately 23% from the same quarter last fiscal year. • Online average monthly churn of 3.1% for Q1, down 50 bps from the same quarter last fiscal year. • The percentage of total Online MRR from Online customers with a continual term of service of at least 16 months was 72.0%, up 700 bps year over year. Financial Outlook: Zoom is providing the following guidance for its second quarter of fiscal year 2024 and its full fiscal year 2024. • Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2024: Total revenue is expected to be between $1.110 billion and $1.115 billion and revenue in constant currency is expected to be between $1.120 billion and $1.125 billion. Non-GAAP income from operations is expected to be between $405.0 million and $410.0 million. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be between $1.04 and $1.06 with approximately 307 million weighted average shares outstanding. • Full Fiscal Year 2024: Total revenue is expected to be between $4.465 billion and $4.485 billion and revenue in constant currency is expected to be between $4.495 billion and $4.515 billion. Full fiscal year non-GAAP income from operations is expected to be between $1.630 billion and $1.650 billion. Full fiscal year non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be between $4.25 and $4.31 with approximately 308 million weighted average shares outstanding. Additional information on Zoom's reported results, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP results to their most comparable GAAP measures, is included in the financial tables below. A reconciliation of non-GAAP guidance measures to corresponding GAAP measures is not available on a forward-looking basis without unreasonable effort due to the uncertainty of expenses that may be incurred in the future, although it is important to note that these factors could be material to Zoom's results computed in accordance with GAAP. A supplemental financial presentation and other information can be accessed through Zoom’s investor relations website at investors.zoom.us. Zoom Video Earnings Call Zoom will host a Zoom Video Webinar for investors on May 22, 2023 at 2:00 p.m. Pacific Time / 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time to discuss the company’s financial results, business highlights and financial outlook. Investors are invited to join the Zoom Video Webinar by visiting: https://investors.zoom.us/ About Zoom Zoom is an all-in-one intelligent collaboration platform that makes connecting easier, more immersive, and more dynamic for businesses and individuals. Zoom technology puts people at the center, enabling meaningful connections, facilitating modern collaboration, and driving human innovation through solutions like team chat, phone, meetings, omnichannel cloud contact center, smart recordings, whiteboard, and more, in one offering. Founded in 2011, Zoom is publicly traded (NASDAQ:ZM) and headquartered in San Jose, California. Get more info at zoom.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains express and implied “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding Zoom's financial outlook for the second quarter of fiscal year 2024 and full fiscal year 2024, Zoom’s market position, opportunities, and growth strategy, product initiatives and go-to-market motions and the expected benefits resulting from the same, and market trends. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “might,” “plan,” “project,” “will,” “would,” “should,” “could,” “can,” “predict,” “potential,” “target,” “explore,” “continue,” or the negative of these terms, and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. By their nature, these statements are subject to numerous uncertainties and risks, including factors beyond our control, that could cause actual results, performance or achievement to differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the statements, including: declines in new customers and hosts, renewals or upgrades, difficulties in evaluating our prospects and future results of operations given our limited operating history, competition from other providers of communications platforms, other macroeconomic conditions, including inflation and the impact of COVID-19, on the overall economic environment, any or all of which will have an impact on demand for remote work solutions for businesses as well as overall distributed, face-to-face interactions and collaboration using Zoom, delays or outages in services from our co-located data centers, failures in internet infrastructure or interference with broadband access which could cause current or potential users to believe that our systems are unreliable, market volatility, and global security concerns and their potential impact on regional and global economies and supply chains. Additional risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements are included under the caption “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in our most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), including our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date the statements are made and are based on information available to Zoom at the time those statements are made and/or management's good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events. Zoom assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made, except as required by law. Non-GAAP Financial Measures Zoom has provided in this press release financial information that has not been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (“GAAP”). Zoom uses these non-GAAP financial measures internally in analyzing its financial results and believes that use of these non-GAAP financial measures is useful to investors as an additional tool to evaluate ongoing operating results and trends and in comparing Zoom’s financial results with other companies in its industry, many of which present similar non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP financial measures and should be read only in conjunction with Zoom’s condensed consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of Zoom’s historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures has been provided in the financial statement tables included in this press release, and investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation. Non-GAAP Income From Operations and Non-GAAP Operating Margin. Zoom defines non-GAAP income from operations as income from operations excluding stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes, acquisition-related expenses, restructuring expenses, and litigation settlements, net. Zoom excludes stock-based compensation expense because it is non-cash in nature and excluding this expense provides meaningful supplemental information regarding Zoom’s operational performance and allows investors the ability to make more meaningful comparisons between Zoom’s operating results and those of other companies. Zoom excludes the amount of employer payroll taxes related to employee stock plans, which is a cash expense, in order for investors to see the full effect that excluding stock-based compensation expense had on Zoom's operating results. In particular, this expense is dependent on the price of our common stock and other factors that are beyond our control and do not…