Exhibit 99.1 Zoom Video Communications Reports Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2020 Financial Results • Fourth quarter total revenue of $188.3 million, up 78% year-over-year; full fiscal year total revenue of $622.7 million, up 88% year-over-year • Fourth quarter GAAP income from operations of $10.6 million, up 92% year-over-year; full fiscal year GAAP income from operations of $12.7 million, up 106% year-over-year • Fourth quarter non-GAAP income from operations of $38.4 million, up 292% year-over-year; full fiscal year non-GAAP income from operations of $88.7 million, up 487% year-over-year • Fourth quarter operating cash flow of $36.6 million, up 129% year-over-year; full fiscal year operating cash flow of $151.9 million, up 196% year-over-year San Jose, California – March 4, 2020 – Zoom Video Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ: ZM), a provider of video-first unified communications, today announced financial results for the quarter ended January 31, 2020. “We strive to empower our customers to accomplish more with our video-first unified communications platform. This is evidenced by our strong performance in the fourth quarter as we delivered a unique combination of high total revenue growth of 78% at a scale of $188 million, GAAP income from operations of $11 million, non-GAAP income from operations of $38 million , and operating cash flow of $37 million. Our execution also drove 61% growth in the number of customers with more than 10 employees and 86% growth in the number of customers contributing more than $100K of TTM revenue,” said Eric S. Yuan, Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Zoom. Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Financial Highlights: • Revenue: Total revenue for the quarter was $188.3 million, up 78% year-over-year. • Income from Operations and Operating Margin: GAAP income from operations for the quarter was $10.6 million, compared to GAAP income from operations of $5.5 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2019. After adjusting for stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes, non-GAAP income from operations for the fourth quarter was $38.4 million, up from $9.8 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2019. For the fourth quarter, GAAP operating margin was 5.6% and non-GAAP operating margin was 20.4%. • Net Income and Net Income Per Share: GAAP net income attributable to common stockholders for the quarter was $15.3 million, or $0.05 per share, compared to GAAP net income attributable to common stockholders of $1.2 million, or $0.01 per share in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2019. Non-GAAP net income for the quarter was $43.2 million, after adjusting for stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes and undistributed earnings attributable to participating securities, and non-GAAP net income per share was $0.15. In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2019, non-GAAP net income was $10.0 million, or $0.04 per share. The non-GAAP weighted average share count has been adjusted to reflect the shares of Class A common stock issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering (“IPO”), including the concurrent private placement, that are outstanding as of the end of the period as if they were outstanding as of the beginning of the period for comparability. • Cash: Total cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities as of January 31, 2020 was $855.2 million. • Cash Flow: Net cash provided by operating activities was $36.6 million for the quarter, compared to $16.0 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2019. Free cash flow was $26.6 million for the quarter, compared to $5.7 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2019. Full Fiscal Year 2020 Financial Highlights: • Revenue: Total revenue for the fiscal year was $622.7 million, up 88% year-over-year. • Income from Operations and Operating Margin: GAAP income from operations for the fiscal year was $12.7 million, compared to GAAP income from operations of $6.2 million for fiscal year 2019. After adjusting for stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes, non-GAAP income from operations for the fiscal year was $88.7 million, up from $15.1 million for fiscal year 2019. For the fiscal year, GAAP operating margin was 2.0% and non-GAAP operating margin was 14.2%. • Net Income and Net Income Per Share: GAAP net income attributable to common stockholders for the fiscal year was $21.7 million, or $0.09 per share, compared to GAAP net income attributable to common stockholders of $0.0 million, or $0.00 per share for fiscal year 2019. Non-GAAP net income for the fiscal year was $101.3 million, after adjusting for stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes and undistributed earnings attributable to participating securities, and non-GAAP net income per share was $0.35. In fiscal year 2019, non-GAAP net income was $16.5 million, or $0.06 per share. The non-GAAP weighted average share count has been adjusted to reflect the shares of Class A common stock issued in connection with the IPO, including the concurrent private placement, that are outstanding as of the end of the period as if they were outstanding as of the beginning of the period for comparability. • Cash Flow: Net cash provided by operating activities was $151.9 million for the fiscal year, compared to $51.3 million for fiscal year 2019. Free cash flow was $113.8 million for the fiscal year, compared to $22.9 million for fiscal year 2019. Customer Metrics: Drivers of total revenue include acquiring new customers and expanding across existing customers. At the end of the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2020, Zoom had: • Approximately 81,900 customers with more than 10 employees, up approximately 61% from the same quarter last fiscal year. • 641 customers contributing more than $100,000 in trailing 12 months (“TTM”) revenue, up approximately 86% from the same quarter last fiscal year. • A trailing 12-month net dollar expansion rate in customers with more than 10 employees above 130% for the 7th consecutive quarter. Financial Outlook: Zoom is providing the following guidance for its first quarter of fiscal year 2021 and its full fiscal year 2021. • First Quarter Fiscal Year 2021: Total revenue is expected to be between $199.0 million and $201.0 million and non-GAAP income from operations is expected to be between $25.0 million and $27.0 million. Q1 non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be approximately $0.10 with approximately 297 million non-GAAP weighted average shares outstanding. • Full Fiscal Year 2021: Total revenue is expected to be between $905.0 million and $915.0 million and non-GAAP income from operations is expected to be between $110.0 million and $120.0 million. Full fiscal year non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be between $0.42 and $0.45 with approximately 301 million non-GAAP weighted average shares outstanding. Additional information on Zoom's reported results, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP results to their most comparable GAAP measures, are included in the financial tables below. A reconciliation of non-GAAP guidance measures to corresponding GAAP measures is not available on a forward-looking basis without unreasonable effort due to the uncertainty of expenses that may be incurred in the future. A supplemental financial presentation and other information can be accessed through Zoom’s investor relations website at investors.zoom.us. Zoom Video Earnings Call Zoom will host a Zoom Video Webinar for investors on March 4, 2020 at 2:30p.m. Pacific Time / 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time to discuss the company’s financial results and business highlights. Investors are invited to join the Zoom Video Webinar by visiting: https://investors.zoom.us/ About Zoom Zoom Video Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ: ZM) brings teams together to get more done in a frictionless video environment. Our easy, reliable, and innovative video-first unified communications platform provides video meetings, voice, webinars, and chat across desktops, phones, mobile devices, and conference room systems. Zoom helps enterprises create elevated experiences with leading business app integrations and developer tools to create customized workflows. Founded in 2011, Zoom is headquartered in San Jose, California with offices around the world. Visit zoom.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains express and implied “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “might,” “plan,” “project,” “will,” “would,” “should,” “could,” “can,” “predict,” “potential,” “target,” “explore,” “continue,” or the negative of these terms, and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. However, not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements may relate to our financial outlook, our plans and objectives for future operations, growth, initiatives, or strategies. By their nature, these statements are subject to numerous uncertainties and risks, including factors beyond our control, that could cause actual results, performance or achievement to differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the statements. These assumptions, uncertainties and risks include that, among others, our business would be harmed by any decline in new customers and hosts, renewals or upgrades, our limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our prospects and future results of operations, we operate in competitive markets, we may not be able to sustain our revenue growth rate in the future, our business would be harmed by any significant interruptions, delays or outages in services from our co-located data centers, and failures in internet infrastructure or interference with broadband access could cause current or potential users to believe that our systems are unreliable. Additional risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements are included under the caption “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in our most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), including our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2019. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date the statements are made and are based on information available to Zoom at the time those statements are made and/or management's good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events. Zoom assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made, except as required by law. Non-GAAP Financial Measures Zoom has provided in this press release financial information that has not been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (“GAAP”). Zoom uses these non-GAAP financial measures internally in analyzing its financial results and believes that use of these non-GAAP financial measures is useful to investors as an additional tool to evaluate ongoing operating results and trends and in comparing Zoom’s financial results with other companies in its industry, many of which present similar non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP financial measures and should be read only in conjunction with Zoom’s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of Zoom’s historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures has been provided in the financial statement tables included in this press release, and investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation. Non-GAAP Income From Operations. Zoom defines non-GAAP income from operations as income from operations excluding stock-based…