Exhibit 99.1 Analog Devices Reports Third Quarter 2017 Results NORWOOD, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--August 30, 2017--Analog Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ: ADI), today announced financial results for its third quarter of fiscal year 2017, which ended July 29, 2017. “The third quarter of 2017 was another excellent quarter for ADI, with strong revenue and earnings performance that exceeded the high end of our guidance,” said Vincent Roche, President and CEO. “Revenue increased to $1.43 billion on a GAAP basis, and $1.46 billion on a non-GAAP basis, with broad-based year-over-year growth led by the highly diverse and profitable industrial market.” “The third quarter also represented our first full quarter with contributions from Linear Technology, and we are pleased with the early returns. Customers are engaged and excited by the value creation possibilities enabled by the combination, and we are making excellent progress on realizing our cost synergy targets.” “Looking ahead to the October quarter, we continue to see signs of positive business conditions and are planning for revenue in the fourth quarter to be in the range of $1.45 billion to $1.55 billion, with strong profitability.” ADI also announced that the Board of Directors has declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.45 per outstanding share of common stock, representing an annual dividend per share of $1.80. The dividend will be paid on September 19, 2017 to all shareholders of record at the close of business on September 8, 2017. Supplemental web schedules relating to ADI’s third quarter fiscal 2017 financial results are also available on the quarterly results section of ADI’s investor site at investor.analog.com. Results for the Third Quarter of Fiscal Year 2017 GAAP revenue totaled $1.43 billion; Non-GAAP revenue totaled $1.46 billion GAAP gross margin of 53.5% of revenue; Non-GAAP gross margin of 70.5% of revenue GAAP operating margin of 13.6% of revenue; Non-GAAP operating margin of 40.5% of revenue GAAP diluted EPS of $0.18; Non-GAAP diluted EPS of $1.26 Please refer to the schedules provided for a summary of revenue and earnings, selected balance sheet information, and the cash flow statement for the third quarter of fiscal year 2017, as well as the immediately prior and year-ago quarters. Additional information on revenue by end market is provided on Schedule D. Outlook for the Fourth Quarter of Fiscal Year 2017 The following statements are based on current expectations, and as indicated, are presented on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis. These statements are forward-looking and actual results may differ materially, as a result of, among other things, the important factors discussed at the end of this release. These statements supersede all prior statements regarding our business outlook set forth in prior ADI news releases, and ADI disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. GAAP Non-GAAP Adjustments Non-GAAP Revenue $1.45B to $1.55B - $1.45B to $1.55B Gross Margin Approx. 66% $71 million (1) Approx. 70.5% Operating Expenses Down approx. 3% to flat $125 million (2) Down approx. 3% to flat Operating Margins Approx. 28% to 30% $196 million (3) Approx. 41% to 42% Interest & Other Expense Approx. $65 million - Approx. $65 million Tax Rate Approx. 8% $28 million (4) Approx. 10% Earnings per Share* $0.84 to $0.98 $0.45 (5) $1.29 to $1.43 (1) Non-GAAP gross margin excludes $71 million of costs comprised of the following: $27 million related to the final amortization of step up through cost of sales $35 million of recurring amortization of purchased intangible assets $8 million of recurring depreciation of step up value on purchased fixed assets $1 million of recurring fair value adjustment associated with the replacement of share-based awards in ADI’s acquisition of Linear Technology (2) Non-GAAP operating expenses exclude $125 million of costs comprised of the following: $112 million of recurring amortization of purchased intangible assets $8 million of recurring fair value adjustment associated with the replacement of share-based awards in ADI’s acquisition of Linear Technology $5 million of transaction related costs associated with ADI’s acquisition of Linear Technology (3) Non-GAAP operating margin excludes the reconciling adjustments noted in the two footnotes above (4) Non-GAAP tax rate excludes the tax effects of the reconciling adjustments noted in the three footnotes above (5) Non-GAAP earnings per share includes $0.45, which represents the net impact of the non-GAAP adjustments noted above on a per share basis consisting of: acquisition-related expenses including amortization of step up value of inventory and purchased intangible assets, depreciation of step up value on purchased fixed assets, and the fair value adjustment associated with the replacement of share-based awards in ADI’s acquisition of Linear Technology ($0.51) acquisition-related transaction costs ($0.01) the effect on income tax of the prior items ($0.07) Conference Call Scheduled for Today, Wednesday, August 30, 2017 at 10:00 am ET ADI will host a conference call to discuss third quarter fiscal 2017 results and short-term outlook today, beginning at 10:00 am ET. Investors may join via webcast, accessible at investor.analog.com, or by telephone (call 706-634-7193 ten minutes before the call begins and provide the password "ADI"). A replay will be available two hours after the completion of the call. The replay may be accessed for up to two weeks by dialing 855-859-2056 (replay only) and providing the conference ID: 33638977, or by visiting investor.analog.com. Non-GAAP Financial Information This release includes non-GAAP financial measures that are not in accordance with, nor an alternative to, generally accepted accounting principles and may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies. In addition, these non-GAAP measures are not based on any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles. Schedules E and F of this press release provides the reconciliation of the Company’s historical non-GAAP measures to their most comparable GAAP measures. Management uses non-GAAP measures internally to evaluate the Company’s operating performance from continuing operations against past periods and to budget and allocate resources in future periods. These non-GAAP measures also assist management in evaluating the Company’s core business and trends across different reporting periods on a consistent basis. Management also uses these non-GAAP measures as the primary performance measurement when communicating with analysts and investors regarding the Company’s earnings results and outlook and believes that the presentation of these non-GAAP measures is useful to investors because it provides investors with the operating results that management uses to manage the Company and enables investors and analysts to evaluate the Company’s core business. Management also believes that the non-GAAP liquidity measure free cash flow is useful both internally and to investors because it provides information about the amount of cash generated after capital expenditures that is then available to repay debt obligations, make investments and fund acquisitions, and for certain other activities. The following item is included in our Non-GAAP revenue, non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP operating margin, and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share: Acquisition-Related Deferred Revenue : Deferred revenue related to shipments of Linear Technology products by distributors to end customers that were received by the distributors prior to the Company’s acquisition of Linear Technology. Business combination accounting principles require the write down of deferred revenue in conjunction with the acquisition. We included these revenues in our non-GAAP measures because they relate to a specific transaction and are reflective of our ongoing financial performance. The following items are excluded from our non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP operating expenses, non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP operating margin, and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share: Acquisition-Related Expenses : Expenses incurred as a result of current and prior period acquisitions and primarily include expenses associated with the fair value adjustments to inventory, property, plant and equipment and amortization of acquisition related intangibles, which include acquired intangibles such as purchased technology and customer relationships. Expenses also include severance payments, equity award accelerations and the fair value adjustment associated with the replacement of share-based awards related to the Linear Technology acquisition. We excluded these costs from our non-GAAP measures because they relate to specific transactions and are not reflective of our ongoing financial performance. The following items are excluded from our non-GAAP operating expenses, non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP operating margin, and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share: Acquisition-Related Transaction Costs: Costs incurred as a result of the Linear Technology acquisition, including legal, accounting and other professional fees directly related to the acquisition. We excluded these costs from our non-GAAP measures because they relate to a specific transaction and are not reflective of our ongoing financial performance. The following items are excluded from our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share: Tax-Related Items: Tax adjustments associated with the non-GAAP items discussed above. In addition, in the third quarter of fiscal 2017, the Company released $50 million of reserves associated with a favorable ruling on its petition with the U.S. Tax Court regarding the beneficial treatment of dividends paid from foreign owned companies under The American Jobs Creation Act. Also, in the third quarter of fiscal 2017, the Company recorded $98 million of tax expense associated with the remittance of cash held outside of the United States related to the post-acquisition integration of Linear Technology. We excluded these tax-related items from our non-GAAP measures because they are not associated with the tax expense on our current operating results. The following items are excluded from our calculation of non-GAAP free cash flow: One Time Tax Payment: In the third quarter of fiscal 2017, the Company paid $750 million in income taxes associated with the acquisition of Linear. These payments were principally related to pre-acquisition liabilities but also included $98 million associated with the remittance of cash held outside of the United States related to the post-acquisition integration of Linear Technology. We excluded these payments from our non-GAAP free cash flow measure because they relate to a specific transaction and are not reflective of our ongoing financial performance. These non-GAAP measures have material limitations in that they do not reflect all of the amounts associated with the Company’s results of operations as determined in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, the Company’s financial results presented in accordance with GAAP. In addition, the Company’s non-GAAP measures may not be comparable to the non-GAAP measures reported by other companies. The Company’s use of non-GAAP measures, and the underlying methodology when including or excluding certain items, is not necessarily an indication of the results of operations that may be expected in the future, or that the Company will not, in fact, record such items in future periods. About Analog Devices Analog Devices (NASDAQ: ADI) is the leading global high-performance analog technology company dedicated to solving the toughest engineering challenges. We enable our customers to interpret the world around us by intelligently bridging the physical and digital with unmatched technologies that sense, measure, power, connect and interpret. Visit http://www.analog.com Forward Looking…