Exhibit 99.1 Analog Devices Reports Fiscal First Quarter 2026 Financial Results • Revenue of $3.16 billion, with year-over-year growth across all end markets, led by Industrial and Communications • Operating cash flow of $5.1 billion and free cash flow of $4.6 billion on a trailing twelve-month basis or 43% and 39% of revenue, respectively • Returned $1.0 billion to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases in the first quarter • Raised quarterly dividend 11% to $1.10, marking twenty-two consecutive years of increases WILMINGTON, Mass.--February 18, 2026 --Analog Devices, Inc. (Nasdaq: ADI), a global semiconductor leader, today announced financial results for its fiscal first quarter 2026, which ended January 31, 2026. “ADI’s robust first quarter built upon the strong position and momentum with which we entered the year,” said Vincent Roche, CEO and Chair. “Our success continues to be the result of relentless innovation to solve our customers toughest problems and deliver enduring business impact. Our investments in R&D and the customer experience from design to delivery continue to position us to create outstanding value for shareholders and customers alike.” “During our first quarter, bookings growth continued, driven by broad strength in Industrial and record orders for our Data Center segment. While the macro and geopolitical backdrop remains challenging, our revenue outlook for the second quarter reflects a new high watermark for ADI, underscoring our strong execution against cyclical and secular growth tailwinds,” said Richard Puccio, CFO. Performance for the First Quarter of Fiscal 2026 Results Summary (1) (in millions, except per-share amounts and percentages) Three Months Ended Jan. 31, 2026 Feb. 1, 2025 Change Revenue $ 3,160 $ 2,423 30 % Gross margin $ 2,045 $ 1,430 43 % Gross margin percentage 64.7 % 59.0 % 570 bps Operating income $ 997 $ 491 103 % Operating margin 31.5 % 20.3 % 1,120 bps Diluted earnings per share $ 1.69 $ 0.78 117 % Adjusted Results (2) Adjusted gross margin $ 2,250 $ 1,668 35 % Adjusted gross margin percentage 71.2 % 68.8 % 240 bps Adjusted operating income $ 1,438 $ 981 47 % Adjusted operating margin 45.5 % 40.5 % 500 bps Adjusted diluted earnings per share $ 2.46 $ 1.63 51 % Three Months Ended Trailing Twelve Months Cash Generation Jan. 31, 2026 Jan. 31, 2026 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 1,369 $ 5,054 % of revenue 43 % 43 % Capital expenditures $ (109) $ (494) Free cash flow (2) $ 1,259 $ 4,560 % of revenue 40 % 39 % Three Months Ended Trailing Twelve Months Cash Return Jan. 31, 2026 Jan. 31, 2026 Dividend paid $ (484) $ (1,952) Stock repurchases (516) (2,521) Total cash returned $ (1,000) $ (4,473) (1) The sum and/or computation of the individual amounts may not equal the total due to rounding. (2) Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are provided in the financial tables included in this press release. See also the “Non-GAAP Financial Information” section for additional information. Outlook for the Second Quarter of Fiscal Year 2026 For the second quarter of fiscal 2026, we are forecasting revenue of $3.5 billion, +/- $100 million. At the midpoint of this revenue outlook, we expect reported operating margin of approximately 36.4%, +/-150 bps, and adjusted operating margin of approximately 47.5%, +/-100 bps. We are planning for reported EPS to be $2.19, +/-$0.15, and adjusted EPS to be $2.88, +/-$0.15. Our second quarter fiscal 2026 outlook is based on current expectations and actual results may differ materially as a result of, among other things, the important factors discussed at the end of this release. The statements about our second quarter fiscal 2026 outlook supersede all prior statements regarding our business outlook set forth in prior ADI news releases, and ADI disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. The adjusted results and adjusted anticipated results above are financial measures presented on a non-GAAP basis. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are provided in the financial tables included in this release. See also the “Non-GAAP Financial Information” section for additional information. Dividend Payment The ADI Board of Directors has declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.10 per outstanding share of common stock. The dividend will be paid on March 17, 2026 to all shareholders of record at the close of business on March 3, 2026. Conference Call Scheduled for Today, Wednesday, February 18, 2026 at 10:00 am ET ADI will host a conference call to discuss our first quarter fiscal 2026 results and short-term outlook today, beginning at 10:00 am ET. Investors may join via webcast, accessible at investor.analog.com. Non-GAAP Financial Information This release includes non-GAAP financial measures that are not in accordance with, nor an alternative to, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and may be different from non-GAAP measures presented by other companies. In addition, these non-GAAP measures are not based on any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles. These non-GAAP measures have material limitations in that they do not reflect all of the amounts associated with the Company’s results of operations as determined in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, the Company’s financial results presented in accordance with GAAP. The Company’s use of non-GAAP measures, and the underlying methodology when including or excluding certain items, is not necessarily an indication of the results of operations that may be expected in the future, or that the Company will not, in fact, record such items in future periods. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are provided in the financial tables included in this release. Management uses non-GAAP measures internally to evaluate the Company’s operating performance from continuing operations against past periods and to budget and allocate resources in future periods. These non-GAAP measures also assist management in evaluating the Company’s core business and trends across different reporting periods on a consistent basis. Management also uses these non-GAAP measures as primary performance measurements when communicating with analysts and investors regarding the Company’s earnings results and outlook and believes that the presentation of these non-GAAP measures is useful to investors because it provides investors with the operating results that management uses to manage the Company and enables investors and analysts to evaluate the Company’s core business. Management also believes that free cash flow, a non-GAAP liquidity measure, is useful both internally and to investors because it is indicative of the Company's ability to pay dividends, purchase common stock, make investments and fund acquisitions and, in the absence of refinancings, to repay its debt obligations. The non-GAAP financial measures referenced by ADI in this release include: adjusted gross margin, adjusted gross margin percentage, adjusted operating expenses, adjusted operating expenses percentage, adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, adjusted nonoperating expense (income), adjusted income before income taxes, adjusted provision for income taxes, adjusted tax rate, adjusted diluted earnings per share (EPS), free cash flow, and free cash flow revenue percentage. Adjusted gross margin is defined as gross margin, determined in accordance with GAAP, excluding: certain acquisition related expenses 1 , which are described further below . Adjusted gross margin percentage represents adjusted gross margin divided by revenue. Adjusted operating expenses is defined as operating expenses, determined in accordance with GAAP, excluding: certain acquisition related expenses 1 and special charges, net 2 , which are described further below. Adjusted operating expenses percentage represents adjusted operating expenses divided by revenue. Adjusted operating income is defined as operating income, determined in accordance with GAAP, excluding: acquisition related expenses 1 and special charges, net 2 , which are described further below. Adjusted operating margin represents adjusted operating income divided by revenue. Adjusted nonoperating expense (income) is defined as nonoperating expense (income), determined in accordance with GAAP, excluding: certain acquisition related expenses 1 , which is described further below. Adjusted income before income taxes is defined as income before income taxes, determined in accordance with GAAP, excluding: acquisition related expenses 1 and s pecial charges, net 2 , which are described further below. Adjusted provision for income taxes is defined as provision for income taxes, determined in accordance with GAAP, excluding tax related items 3 , which are described further below. Adjusted tax rate represents adjusted provision for income taxes divided by adjusted income before income taxes. Adjusted diluted EPS is defined as diluted EPS, determined in accordance with GAAP, excluding: acquisition related expenses 1 , special charges, net 2 , and tax related items 3 , which are described further below. Free cash flow is defined as net cash provided by operating activities, determined in accordance with GAAP, less additions to property, plant and equipment, net. Free cash flow revenue percentage represents free cash flow divided by revenue. 1 Acquisition Related Expenses : Expenses incurred as a result of current and prior period acquisitions and primarily include expenses associated with the fair value adjustments to debt, property, plant and equipment and amortization of acquisition related intangibles, which include acquired intangibles such as purchased technology and customer relationships. We excluded these costs from our non-GAAP measures because they relate to specific transactions and are not reflective of our ongoing financial performance. 2 Special Charges, Net : Expenses, net, incurred in connection with facility closures, consolidation of manufacturing facilities, severance, other accelerated stock-based compensation expense and other cost reduction efforts or reorganizational initiatives. We excluded these expenses from our non-GAAP measures because apart from ongoing expense savings as a result of such items, these expenses have no direct correlation to the operation of our business in the future. 3 Tax Related Items: Income tax effect of the non-GAAP items discussed above. We excluded the income tax effect of these tax related items from our non-GAAP measures because they are not associated with the tax expense on our current operating results. About Analog Devices, Inc. Analog Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ: ADI) is a global semiconductor leader that bridges the physical and digital worlds to enable breakthroughs at the Intelligent Edge. ADI combines analog, digital, AI, and software technologies into solutions that combat climate change, reliably connect humans and the world, and help drive advancements in automation and robotics, mobility, healthcare, energy and data centers. With revenue of more than $11 billion in FY25, ADI ensures today’s innovators stay Ahead of What’s Possible. Learn more at www.analog.com and on LinkedIn and X (formerly Twitter). Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements, which address a variety of subjects including, for example, our statements regarding future financial performance; impacts related to tariffs and other trade restrictions; economic uncertainty; macroeconomic, geopolitical, demand and other market conditions, business cycles, and supply chains; our capital allocation strategy, including future…