Exhibit 99.1 Analog Devices Reports Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2019 Results • Revenue was $1.44 billion for the fourth quarter and $6 billion for fiscal 2019 • Operating cash flow was $2.3 billion and free cash flow was $2 billion for fiscal 2019 • Returned over $370 million to shareholders in the fourth quarter, and nearly $1.4 billion for fiscal 2019 or over 120% of free cash flow after debt payments NORWOOD, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--November 26, 2019 --Analog Devices, Inc. (Nasdaq: ADI), a leading global high-performance analog technology company, today announced financial results for its fourth quarter and fiscal 2019, which ended November 2, 2019. “ADI delivered solid fourth quarter and full-year results amidst continued trade and macro uncertainty,” said Vincent Roche, President and CEO. “Over the course of the year, we generated revenue of $6 billion and effectively managed costs, while continuing to prioritize strategic investments to drive innovation. Our strong margins and cash flow reflect the resiliency of our business model, which enabled us to return nearly $1.4 billion to shareholders, or over 120% of free cash flow after debt payments.” “Looking ahead, the underlying fundamentals and long-term outlook for ADI are strong. Our diverse product portfolio of cutting-edge technologies is well positioned to solve customers’ challenges and aligned with attractive secular trends that will shape the industry’s future. As such, I believe we are in a superior competitive position as demand returns to deliver our next chapter of growth.” Performance for the Fourth Quarter of Fiscal 2019 Results Summary (in millions, except per-share amounts and percentages) Three Months Ended Nov 2, 2019 Nov 3, 2018 (1) Change Revenue $ 1,443 $ 1,536 (6) % Gross margin $ 942 $ 1,046 (10) % Gross margin percentage 65.3 % (2) 68.1 % (280 bps) Operating income $ 338 $ 465 (27) % Operating margin percentage 23.4 % 30.3 % (690 bps) Diluted earnings per share $ 0.74 $ 1.08 (31) % Adjusted Results Adjusted gross margin $ 987 $ 1,089 (9) % Adjusted gross margin percentage 68.4 % (2) 70.9 % (250 bps) Adjusted operating income $ 560 $ 638 (12) % Adjusted operating margin percentage 38.8 % 41.5 % (270 bps) Adjusted diluted earnings per share $ 1.19 $ 1.48 (20) % Three Months Ended Trailing Twelve Months Cash Generation Nov 2, 2019 Nov 2, 2019 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 658 $ 2,253 % of revenue 46 % 38 % Capital expenditures $ (51) $ (275) Free cash flow $ 607 $ 1,978 % of revenue 42 % 33 % Three Months Ended Trailing Twelve Months Cash Return Nov 2, 2019 Nov 2, 2019 Dividend paid $ (200) $ (777) Stock repurchases (172) (613) Total cash returned (3) $ (373) $ (1,390) (1) Prior year balances have been restated to reflect the adoption of the new revenue recognition standard in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. (2) Includes approximately 140 basis points of impact from a write-down of inventory associated with a customer within our Communications end market. (3) The sum of the individual amounts may not equal the total due to rounding. Outlook for the First Quarter of Fiscal Year 2020 For the first quarter of fiscal 2020, we are forecasting revenue of $1.30 billion, +/- $50 million. At the midpoint of this revenue outlook, we expect reported operating margins of approximately 23.7%, and adjusted operating margins of approximately 36.7%. We are planning for reported EPS to be $0.61, +/- $0.07, and adjusted EPS to be $1.00, +/- $0.07. Our first quarter fiscal 2020 outlook is based on current expectations and actual results may differ materially, as a result of, among other things, the important factors discussed at the end of this release. These statements supersede all prior statements regarding our business outlook set forth in prior ADI news releases, and ADI disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. The adjusted results and adjusted anticipated results above are financial measures presented on a non-GAAP basis. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are provided in the financial tables included in this press release. See also “Non-GAAP Financial Information” section for additional information. Dividend Payment The ADI Board of Directors has declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.54 per outstanding share of common stock. The dividend will be paid on December 17, 2019 to all shareholders of record at the close of business on December 6, 2019. Conference Call Scheduled for Today, Tuesday, November 26, 2019 at 10:00 am ET ADI will host a conference call to discuss our fourth quarter fiscal 2019 results and short-term outlook today, beginning at 10:00 am ET. Investors may join via webcast, accessible at investor.analog.com, or by telephone (call 706-634-7193 ten minutes before the call begins and provide the password "ADI"). A replay will be available two hours after the completion of the call. The replay may be accessed for up to two weeks by dialing 855-859-2056 (replay only) and providing the conference ID: 9099003, or by visiting investor.analog.com. Non-GAAP Financial Information This release includes non-GAAP financial measures that are not in accordance with, nor an alternative to, generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and may be different from non-GAAP measures presented by other companies. In addition, these non-GAAP measures are not based on any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles. These non-GAAP measures have material limitations in that they do not reflect all of the amounts associated with the Company’s results of operations as determined in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, the Company’s financial results presented in accordance with GAAP. The Company’s use of non-GAAP measures, and the underlying methodology when including or excluding certain items, is not necessarily an indication of the results of operations that may be expected in the future, or that the Company will not, in fact, record such items in future periods. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP are provided in the financial tables included in this release. Management uses non-GAAP measures internally to evaluate the Company’s operating performance from continuing operations against past periods and to budget and allocate resources in future periods. These non-GAAP measures also assist management in evaluating the Company’s core business and trends across different reporting periods on a consistent basis. Management also uses these non-GAAP measures as the primary performance measurement when communicating with analysts and investors regarding the Company’s earnings results and outlook and believes that the presentation of these non-GAAP measures is useful to investors because it provides investors with the operating results that management uses to manage the Company and enables investors and analysts to evaluate the Company’s core business. Management also believes that the non-GAAP liquidity measure free cash flow is useful both internally and to investors because it provides information about the amount of cash generated after capital expenditures that is then available to repay debt obligations, make investments and fund acquisitions, and for certain other activities. The non-GAAP financial measures referenced by ADI in this release include: adjusted gross margin, adjusted gross margin percentage, adjusted operating expenses, adjusted operating expenses percentage, adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, adjusted income before income taxes, adjusted provision for income taxes, adjusted tax rate, adjusted diluted earnings per share (EPS), free cash flow, and free cash flow margin percentage. Adjusted gross margin is defined as gross margin, determined in accordance with GAAP, excluding certain acquisition-related expenses 1 which are described further below . Adjusted gross margin percentage represents adjusted gross margin divided by revenue. Adjusted operating expenses is defined as operating expenses, determined in accordance with GAAP, excluding: certain acquisition-related expenses 1 ; acquisition-related transaction costs 2 ; accelerated stock-based compensation expense 3 ; and restructuring related expense 4 which are described further below. Adjusted operating expenses percentage represents adjusted operating expenses divided by revenue. Adjusted operating income is defined as operating income, determined in accordance with GAAP, excluding: acquisition-related expenses 1 ; acquisition-related transaction costs 2 ; accelerated stock-based compensation expense 3 ; and restructuring related expense 4 which are described further below. Adjusted operating margin represents adjusted operating income divided by revenue. Adjusted income before income taxes is defined as income before income taxes, determined in accordance with GAAP, excluding: acquisition-related expenses 1 ; acquisition-related transaction costs 2 ; accelerated stock-based compensation expense 3 ; and restructuring related expense 4 which are described further below. Adjusted provision for income taxes is defined as provision for income taxes, determined in accordance with GAAP, excluding tax related items 5 described further below. Adjusted tax rate represents adjusted provision for income taxes divided by adjusted income before income taxes. Adjusted diluted EPS is defined as diluted EPS, determined in accordance with GAAP, excluding: acquisition-related expenses 1 ; acquisition-related transaction costs 2 ; accelerated stock-based compensation expense 3 ; restructuring related expense 4 ; and tax related items 5 which are described further below. Free cash flow is defined as net cash provided by operating activities, determined in accordance with GAAP, less additions to property, plant and equipment, net. Free cash flow margin percentage represents free cash flow divided by revenue. 1 Acquisition-Related Expenses : Expenses incurred as a result of current and prior period acquisitions and primarily include expenses associated with the fair value adjustments to inventory, property, plant and equipment and amortization of acquisition related intangibles, which include acquired intangibles such as purchased technology and customer relationships. Expenses also include severance payments, equity award accelerations and the fair value adjustment associated with the replacement of share-based awards related to the Linear Technology acquisition. We excluded these costs from our non-GAAP measures because they relate to specific transactions and are not reflective of our ongoing financial performance. 2 Acquisition-Related Transaction Costs : Costs directly related to the Linear Technology acquisition, including legal, accounting and other professional fees, as well as integration-related costs. We excluded these costs from our non-GAAP measures because they relate to a specific transaction and are not reflective of our ongoing financial performance. 3 Accelerated Stock-Based Compensation Expense: Stock-based compensation expense for one former executive officer due to the accelerated vesting of restricted stock units and stock options resulting from a reduction in the requisite service period for each in accordance with the terms of the applicable agreements. We excluded these costs because accelerated stock-based compensation expense and the related tax effect have no direct correlation to the operation of our business in the future. 4 Restructuring-Related Expense : Expenses incurred in connection with facility closures, consolidation of manufacturing facilities, severance, other accelerated stock-based compensation expense and other cost reduction efforts. We excluded…