Exhibit 99.1 DocuSign Announces First Quarter Fiscal 2023 Financial Results San Francisco – June 9, 2022 – DocuSign, Inc. (NASDAQ: DOCU), which offers the world’s #1 e-signature solution as part of the DocuSign Agreement Cloud, today announced results for its fiscal quarter ended April 30, 2022. "We delivered solid first-quarter results, growing revenue by 25% year-over-year and adding nearly 67,000 new customers, bringing our total global customer base to 1.24 million. We also bolstered our leadership team with key new hires who, together with our existing team, are ensuring we’re well-positioned to grow and scale our business,” said Dan Springer, CEO of DocuSign. “With over a billion users worldwide, the proven value of our products, and the significant opportunity we have ahead of us, we’re confident in our ability to successfully navigate the challenges of a dynamic global environment.” First Quarter Financial Highlights ▪ Total revenue was $588.7 million, an increase of 25% year-over-year. Subscription revenue was $569.3 million, an increase of 26% year-over-year. Professional services and other revenue was $19.4 million, an increase of 13% year-over-year. ▪ Billings were $613.6 million , an increase of 16% year-over-year. ▪ GAAP gross margin was 78% for both periods. Non-GAAP gross margin was 81% for both periods. ▪ GAAP net loss per basic and diluted share was $0.14 on 200 million shares outstanding compared to $0.04 on 194 million shares outstanding in the same period last year. ▪ Non-GAAP net income per diluted share was $0.38 on 206 million shares outstanding compared to $0.44 on 208 million shares outstanding in the same period last year. ▪ Net cash provided by operating activities was $196.3 million compared to $135.6 million in the same period last year. ▪ Free cash flow was $174.6 million compared to $123.0 million in the same period last year. ▪ Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and investments were $1,063.8 million at the end of the quarter. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures has been provided in the tables included in this press release. An explanation of these measures is also included below under the heading “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Other Key Metrics.” Operational and Other Financial Highlights • Executive Appointments. DocuSign appointed the following key new leaders: ◦ Steve Shute as President of Worldwide Field Operations. Steve brings nearly three decades of experience leading global enterprise sales and success organizations at large technology companies. Prior to joining DocuSign, Steve served as the President of Global Sales & GTM for Customer success at SAP. ◦ Jim Shaughnessy as Chief Legal Officer. Jim brings over 20 years of public policy and legal experience at technology companies. Prior to joining DocuSign, Jim spent 10 years at Workday where he served as General Counsel and Senior Advisor for Corporate Affairs. ◦ Jennifer Christie as Chief People Officer. Prior to joining DocuSign, Jennifer served as the Chief HR Officer for Twitter and Bolt. She was also the SVP of HR at American Express and served as Special Assistant to the President for personnel. ◦ Inhi Cho Suh as President of Product and Technology starting in July 2022, when she will transition off DocuSign’s board of directors. Inhi has spent over 20 years at IBM, successfully traversing senior product and technology leadership roles. ◦ Jerome Levadoux as DocuSign's Chief Product Officer. Prior to stepping into the CPO role, Jerome was the Head of eSignature Products for DocuSign. • DocuSign CLM Essentials. DocuSign introduced CLM Essentials, a fast, easy and affordable way to get started with CLM. CLM Essentials makes contract management accessible to medium sized businesses and departments that are looking for a quick solution to help automate many of the most common agreement processes — such as document generation, collaboration, workflows and repository. 1 DOCUSIGN, INC. • DocuSign Agreement Cloud 2022 Product Release 1. DocuSign announced many new product capabilities and enhancements with highlights in the following areas: ◦ Scheduled Send for DocuSign eSignature. Gives users the flexibility to schedule an agreement to be sent at a specific date and time. This improves response rates, by delivering agreements at the times optimal for the user. ◦ Other Agreement Cloud enhancements such as additional methods for ID Verification and AI-Assisted Data Capture for DocuSign CLM. • Microsoft Partnership Expansion . On June 7, 2022, DocuSign announced an expansion of its global strategic partnership with Microsoft to offer new DocuSign Agreement Cloud integrations and capabilities across Microsoft's business solutions. As part of the agreement, Microsoft and DocuSign will also expand the use of each other's products within their own organizations. Microsoft will adopt DocuSign's products and services, including DocuSign eSignature and CLM, to streamline select e-signature and contract management workflows. Outlook The company currently expects the following guidance: ▪ Quarter ending July 31, 2022 (in millions, except percentages): Total revenue $600 to $604 Subscription revenue $583 to $587 Billings $599 to $609 Non-GAAP gross margin 79% to 81% Non-GAAP operating margin 16% to 18% Non-GAAP diluted weighted-average shares outstanding 205 to 210 ▪ Year ending January 31, 2023 (in millions, except percentages): Total revenue $2,470 to $2,482 Subscription revenue $2,394 to $2,406 Billings $2,521 to $2,541 Non-GAAP gross margin 79% to 81% Non-GAAP operating margin 16% to 18% Provision for income taxes $7 to $11 Non-GAAP diluted weighted-average shares outstanding 205 to 210 The company has not reconciled its guidance of non-GAAP financial measures to the corresponding GAAP measures because stock-based compensation expense cannot be reasonably calculated or predicted at this time. Accordingly, a reconciliation has not been provided. 2 DOCUSIGN, INC. Webcast Conference Call Information The company will host a conference call on June 9, 2022 at 1:30 p.m. PT (4:30 p.m. ET) to d iscuss its financial results. A live webcast of the event will be available on the DocuSign Investor Relations website at investor.docusign.com. A live dial-in will be avail able domestically at 877-407-0784 or internationally at 201-689-8560. A replay will be available domestically at 844-512-2921 or internationally at 412-317-6671 until midnight (ET) June 23, 2022 using the passcode 13728945. About DocuSign DocuSign helps organizations connect and automate how they prepare, sign, act on, and manage agreements. As part of the DocuSign Agreement Cloud, DocuSign offers eSignature, the world's #1 way to sign electronically on practically any device, from almost anywhere, at any time. Today, over a million customers and more than a billion users in over 180 countries use the DocuSign Agreement Cloud to accelerate the process of doing business and simplify people's lives. For more information, visit www.docusign.com, call +1-877-720-2040, or follow @DocuSign on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook and Instagram. Copyright 2022. DocuSign, Inc. is the owner of DOCUSIGN® and all its other marks (www.docusign.com/IP). Investor Relations: DocuSign Investor Relations investors@docusign.com Media Relations: DocuSign Corporate Communications media@docusign.com Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that are based on our management's beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management, and which statements involve substantial risk and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts and can be identified by terms such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “expects,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “could,” “intends,” “target,” “projects,” “contemplates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “potential,” or “continue” or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans or intentions. Forward-looking statements in this press release include, among other things, statements under “Outlook” above and any other statements about expected financial metrics, such as revenue, billings, non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP diluted weighted-average shares outstanding, and non-financial metrics, such as customer growth, as well as statements related to our expectations regarding our growth, the benefits of the DocuSign Agreement Cloud, and the anticipated benefits of our strategic partnership with Microsoft, including the implementation of new integrations or features and the adoption of certain products. They also include statements about our future operating results and financial position, our business strategy and plans, market growth and trends, and our objectives for future operations. These statements are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. These risks and uncertainties include, among other things, risks related to our expectations regarding the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the easing of related regulations and measures as the pandemic and its related effects begin to abate or have abated, on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and future profitability and growth; our expectations regarding the impact of the evolving COVID-19 pandemic on the businesses of our customers, partners and suppliers, and the economy, as well as the macro- and micro-effects of the pandemic, including the pace of the digital transformation of business and differing levels of demand for our products as our customers’ priorities, resources, financial conditions and economic outlook change; global macro-economic conditions, including the effects of inflation, rising interest rates and market volatility on the global economy; our ability to estimate the size of our total addressable market, and the development of the market for our products, which is new and evolving; our ability to effectively sustain and manage our growth and future expenses, achieve and maintain future profitability, attract new customers and maintain and expand our existing customer base; our ability to scale and update our platform to respond to customers' needs and rapid technological change; the effects of increased competition in our market and our ability to compete effectively; our ability to expand use cases within existing customers and vertical 3 DOCUSIGN, INC. solutions; our ability to expand our operations and increase adoption of our platform internationally; our ability to strengthen and foster our relationships with developers; our ability to expand our direct sales force, customer success team and strategic partnerships around the world; the impact of any data breaches, cyberattacks or other malicious activity on our technology systems; our ability to identify targets for and execute potential acquisitions; our ability to successfully integrate the operations of businesses we may acquire, and to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions; our ability to maintain, protect and enhance our brand; the sufficiency of our cash, cash equivalents and capital resources to satisfy our liquidity needs; limitations on us due to obligations we have under our credit facility or other indebtedness; our failure or the failure of our software to comply with applicable industry standards, laws and regulations; our ability to maintain, protect and enhance our intellectual property; our ability to successfully defend litigation against us; our ability to attract large organizations as users; our ability to maintain our corporate culture; our ability to offer high-quality customer support; our ability to…