Exhibit 99.1 DocuSign Announces First Quarter Fiscal 2019 Financial Results San Francisco – June 7, 2018 – DocuSign (NASDAQ: DOCU) today announced results for its fiscal quarter ended April 30, 2018 . “In the first quarter, our core e-signature solution-and our broader platform for automating the agreement process-continued to gain traction in helping to accelerate business and simplify life for hundreds of millions of users around the world. This led to 37% year-over-year growth in our total revenue and the addition of 30,000 new customers-bringing our total paying customer base to over 400,000," said Dan Springer, CEO of DocuSign. "We also saw strong growth, expansion and development of our international business. And we continue to deliver product innovation across our evolving System of Agreement platform in the areas of preparing, signing, acting on and managing agreements. I believe these results highlight the commitment, passion and drive that DocuSign has for the next big platform opportunity in cloud computing.” First Quarter Financial Highlights ▪ Total revenue was $155.8 million , an increase of 37% year-over-year. Subscription revenue was $148.2 million , an increase of 39% year-over-year. Professional services and other revenue was $7.6 million , an increase of 14% year-over-year. ▪ Contract liabilities were $290.5 million , an increase of 43% year-over-year. ▪ Billings were $168.9 million , an increase of 33% year-over-year. ▪ GAAP gross margin was 63% , compared to 76% in the same period last year. GAAP gross margin for the first quarter of fiscal 2019 included a $25.4 million stock-based compensation charge related to restricted stock units ("RSUs") with a liquidity event performance condition. Non-GAAP gross margin was 80% compared to 78% in the same period last year. ▪ GAAP net loss per basic and diluted share was $7.46 in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 on 36 million shares outstanding compared to GAAP net loss per share of $0.66 in the first quarter of fiscal 2018 on 30 million shares outstanding. GAAP net loss for the first quarter of fiscal 2019 included a $262.8 million stock-based compensation charge related to RSUs with a liquidity event performance condition. ▪ Non-GAAP earnings per diluted share was $0.01 in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 based on 60 million shares outstanding compared to a non-GAAP net loss per share of $0.30 in the first quarter of fiscal 2018 based on 30 million shares outstanding. ▪ Net cash provided by operating activities was $15.0 million , compared to $0.7 million used in operating activities in the same period last year. ▪ Free cash flow was $8.8 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 compared to negative free cash flow of $7.5 million in the same period last year. ▪ Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash was $269.8 million at the end of the quarter. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures has been provided in the tables included in this press release. An explanation of these measures is also included below under the heading “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Other Key Metrics.” Initial Public Offering On May 1, 2018 the company completed its initial public offering ("IPO"). The company sold 19,314,182 shares of common stock, raising net proceeds of $524.8 million , including the over-allotment option. Upon the completion of the IPO, all shares of outstanding convertible preferred stock automatically converted into 100,350,008 shares of common stock. Stock-based Compensation Related to Liquidity Event RSUs RSUs issued through January 31, 2018 generally vest upon the satisfaction of both service-based and liquidity event performance conditions. The service condition is typically a four-year service period. The liquidity event performance condition was satisfied upon the effectiveness of our IPO registration statement on April 26, 2018. On that date the company 1 recorded a cumulative stock-based compensation expense of $262.8 million , of which $25.4 million was included in cost of revenue, related to all RSUs, for which the service was condition fully satisfied as of that date. Outlook ▪ Quarter ending July 31, 2018 (in millions, except percentages): Total revenue $157 to $160 Billings $160 to $170 Non-GAAP gross margin 78% to 81% Non-GAAP sales and marketing 49% to 51% Non-GAAP research and development 16% to 18% Non-GAAP general and administrative 10% to 12% Other expense <$0.5 Provision for income taxes $0.75 Non-GAAP diluted weighted-average shares outstanding 190 to 195 ▪ Year ending January 31, 2019 (in millions, except percentages): Total revenue $652 to $658 Billings $680 to $700 Non-GAAP gross margin 78% to 81% Non-GAAP sales and marketing 49% to 51% Non-GAAP research and development 16% to 18% Non-GAAP general and administrative 10% to 12% Other expense <$2 Provision for income taxes $3 Non-GAAP diluted weighted-average shares outstanding 160 to 165 The company has not reconciled its expectations of non-GAAP financial measures to the corresponding GAAP measures because stock-based compensation expense cannot be reasonably calculated or predicted at this time. Accordingly, a reconciliation is not available without unreasonable effort. 2 Webcast Conference Call Information The company will host a conference call at 1:30 p.m. PT (4:30 p.m. ET) to discuss its financial results. A live webcast of the event will be available on the DocuSign Investor Relations website at docusign.com/investors. A live dial-in will be available domestically at 877-407-0784 or internationally at 201-689-8560. A replay will be available domestically at 844-512-2921 or internationally at 412-317-6671 until midnight (ET) June 21, 2018 using the passcode 13680300. About DocuSign Founded in 2003, DocuSign® offers the leading e-signature solution as part of its broader platform for automating the agreement process. Today, DocuSign’s cloud-based platform enables more than 400,000 customers and hundreds of millions of users in over 180 countries to accelerate business and simplify life. Investor Relations: Annie Leschin VP Investor Relations investors@docusign.com Media Relations: Adrian Wainwright Head of Communications media@docusign.com Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains “forward-looking” statements that are based on our management’s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management. Forward-looking statements include statements about expected financial metrics, such as revenue, billings, non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP non-GAAP diluted weighted-average shares outstanding, and non-financial metrics, such as customer growth, as well as statements related to our ability to develop our System of Agreement platform and deliver product innovation. They also include statements about our possible or assumed business strategies, potential growth opportunities, new products and potential market opportunities. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts and can be identified by terms such as “believe,” “could,” “potential,” “will,” “would” or similar expressions and the negatives of those terms. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties related to: sustaining and managing our growth and future expenses, achieving and maintaining future profitability, attracting new customers and maintaining and expanding our existing customer base, our ability to scale and update our platform to respond to customers’ needs and rapid technological change, increased competition on our market and our ability to compete effectively, and expansion of our operations and increased adoption of our platform internationally. Additional risks and uncertainties that could affect our financial results are included in the section titled “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in our prospectus dated April 26, 2018, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act 1933, as amended, which is available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Additional information will be made available in DocuSign Inc.'s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2018 and other filings that we make from time to time with the SEC. In addition, any forward-looking statements contained in this press release are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons if actual results differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Other Key Metrics To supplement our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP, we use certain non-GAAP financial measures, as described below, to understand and evaluate our core operating performance. These non-GAAP financial measures, which may be different than similarly-titled measures used by other companies, are presented to enhance investors’ overall understanding of our financial performance and should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. 3 We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information about our financial performance, enhance the overall understanding of our past performance and future prospects, and allow for greater transparency with respect to important metrics used by our management for financial and operational decision-making. We are presenting these non-GAAP measures to assist investors in seeing our financial performance using a management view, and because we believe that these measures provide an additional tool for investors to use in comparing our core financial performance over multiple periods with other companies in our industry. Non-GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP operating expenses, non-GAAP income (loss) from operations, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP net income (loss) and non-GAAP net income (loss) per share : We define these non-GAAP financial measures as the respective GAAP measures, excluding expenses related to stock-based compensation, amortization of acquisition-related intangibles and, as applicable, other special items. We believe it is useful to exclude stock-based compensation in order to better understand the long-term performance of our core business and to facilitate comparison of our results to those of peer companies. We also view amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, such as the amortization of the cost associated with an acquired company’s developed technology and trade names, as items arising from pre-acquisition activities determined at the time of an acquisition. While these intangible assets are continually evaluated for impairment, amortization of the cost of purchased intangibles is a static expense, one that is not typically affected by operations during any particular period. Free cash flows : We define free cash flow as net cash provided by (used in) operating activities less purchases of property and equipment. We believe free cash flow is an important liquidity measure of the cash (if any) that is available, after purchases of property and equipment, for operational expenses, investment in our business, and to make acquisitions. Free cash flow is useful to investors as a liquidity measure because it measures our ability to generate or use cash in excess of our capital investments in property and equipment. Once our business needs and obligations are met, cash can be…