Exhibit 99.1 Booking Holdings Reports Financial Results for 2 nd Quarter 2022 NORWALK, CT – August 3, 2022. . . Booking Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: BKNG) today reported its 2 nd quarter 2022 financ ial results. Second quarter gross travel bookings for Booking Holdings Inc. (the "Company," "Booking Holdings," "we," "our," or "us"), which refers to the total dollar value, generally inclusive of taxes and fees, of all travel services booked by its customers, net of cancellations, were $34.5 billion, an increase of 57% from the prior-year quarter . Room nights booked in the 2 nd quarter of 2022 increased 56% from the prior-year quarter. Booking Holdings' total revenues for the 2 nd quarter of 2022 were $4.3 billion, an increase of 99% from the prior-year quarter. Net income for the 2 nd quarter of 2022 was $857 million, compared with a net loss of $167 million in the prior-year quarter. Net income per diluted common share in the 2 nd quarter of 2022 was $21.07, compared with a net loss per diluted common share of $4.08 in the prior-year quarter. Non-GAAP net income in the 2 nd quarter of 2022 was $776 million, compared with a non-GAAP net loss of $105 million in the prior-year quarter. Non-GAAP net income per diluted common share in the 2 nd quarter of 2022 was $19.08, compared with a non-GAAP net loss per diluted common share of $2.55 in the prior-year quarter. Non-GAAP net income (loss) for both periods includes adjustments to exclude net gains on equity securities with readily determinable fair values. Additionally, non-GAAP net income (loss) includes an adjustment to exclude an investment-related impairment charge in the 2 nd quarter of 2022 and a loss on early extinguishment of debt in the 2 nd quarter of 2021. Adjusted EBITDA for the 2 nd quarter of 2022 was $1.1 billion, compared with adjusted EBITDA of $48 million in the prior-year quarter. The section below under the heading " Non-GAAP Financial Measures " provides definitions and information about the use of non-GAAP financial measures in this press release, and the attached financial and statistical supplement reconciles non-GAAP financial results with Booking Holdings' financial results under GAAP. "We reached another milestone in our company’s recovery from the impact of the pandemic with room nights for the second quarter surpassing 2019 levels for the first time. We continued to see very strong accommodation ADR growth, which helped drive a 38% increase in gross bookings, or a 48% increase on a constant currency basis, in the second quarter versus the second quarter of 2019," said Glenn Fogel, Chief Executive Officer of Booking Holdings. "Looking forward, we expect record Q3 revenue and are very busy working with our customers and partners to help enable an extremely busy summer travel season." 1 Non-GAAP Financial Measures The Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") and include all normal and recurring adjustments that management of the Company considers necessary for a fair presentation of its financial position and operating results. To supplement the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company uses the following non-GAAP financial measures: adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP net income (loss), non-GAAP net income (loss) per diluted common share and free cash flow (net cash provided by (used in) operating activities less capital expenditures). The presentation of non-GAAP financial information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. The Company uses non-GAAP financial measures for financial and operational decision-making and as a basis to evaluate performance and set targets for employee compensation programs. The Company believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are useful for analysts and investors to evaluate the Company's ongoing operating performance because they facilitate comparison of the Company's results for the current period and projected next-period results to those of prior periods and to those of its competitors (though other companies may calculate similar non-GAAP financial measures differently from those calculated by the Company). These non-GAAP financial measures, in particular adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP net income (loss) and free cash flow, are not intended to represent funds available for Booking Holdings' discretionary use and are not intended to represent or to be used as a substitute for operating income (loss), net income (loss) or net cash provided by (used in) operating activities as measured under GAAP. The items excluded from these non-GAAP measures, but included in the calculation of their closest GAAP equivalent, are significant components of the Company's consolidated statements of operations and cash flows and must be considered in performing a comprehensive assessment of overall financial performance. Non-GAAP net income (loss) is net income (loss) with the following adjustments: • excludes significant losses on assets classified as held for sale, • excludes gains and losses on equity securities with readily determinable fair values, • excludes the impact, if any, of significant gains and losses on the sale of and impairment and credit losses on investments in available-for-sale debt securities and significant gains and losses on the sale of and valuation adjustments on investments in equity securities without readily determinable fair values, • excludes foreign currency transaction gains and losses on the remeasurement of Euro-denominated debt and accrued interest that are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes and debt-related foreign currency derivative instruments used as economic hedges, • excludes losses on early extinguishment of debt and related reverse treasury lock agreements which were designated as cash flow hedges, • excludes amortization expense of intangible assets, • excludes noncash interest expense related to the amortization of debt discount on our convertible debt, if applicable, • excludes income taxes, if any, related to the maturity and redemption of convertible notes held for investment, that were reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to income tax expense (benefit), • excludes the income tax impact, if any, related to one-time adjustments as a result of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act enacted in December 2017, • excludes the impact of net unrecognized tax benefits related to Italian tax matters, and • the income tax impact of the non-GAAP adjustments mentioned above and changes in tax estimates, as applicable. In addition to the adjustments listed above regarding non-GAAP net income (loss), adjusted EBITDA excludes depreciation expense, interest and dividend income, and to the extent not included in the adjustments listed above, interest expense and income tax expense (benefit). In the event the Company reports a GAAP net income but a non-GAAP net loss, dilutive shares that are included in the GAAP weighted-average number of diluted common shares outstanding are excluded from the non-GAAP weighted-average number of diluted common shares outstanding. In the event the Company reports a GAAP net loss but a non-GAAP net income, anti-dilutive shares that are excluded 2 from the GAAP weighted-average number of diluted common shares outstanding are included in the non-GAAP weighted-average number of diluted common shares outstanding. We evaluate certain operating and financial measures on both an as-reported and constant-currency basis. We calculate constant currency by converting our current-year period results for transactions recorded in currencies other than U.S. Dollars using the corresponding prior-year period monthly average exchange rates rather than the current-year period monthly average exchange rates. The attached financial and statistical supplement includes reconciliations of our financial results under GAAP to non-GAAP financial information for the three and six months ended June 30, 2022 and 2021. We are not able to provide a reconciliation between forward-looking adjusted EBITDA and GAAP net income (loss) because we cannot predict certain components of such reconciliation without unreasonable effort as they arise from events in future periods. Information About Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements, which reflect the views of the Company's management regarding current expectations based on currently available information about future events. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties, such as the adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic; adverse changes in market conditions for travel services; the Company's ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; adverse changes in relationships with third parties on which the Company depends; the effects of competition; growth and expansion of the business; rapid technological and other market changes; impacts of impairments and changes in accounting estimates; success of the Company's marketing efforts; and other business and industry changes. Other risks and uncertainties relate to cyberattacks and information security; tax, legal, and regulatory risks; increased focus on environmental, social, and governance responsibilities; the Company's facilitation of payments; foreign currency exchange rates; success of the Company's investments and acquisition strategy; and financial risks relating to the Company's debt levels and stock price volatility. For a detailed discussion of these and other risk factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements included in this press release, refer to the Company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and any subsequently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Unless required by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. About Booking Holdings Inc. Booking Holdings (NASDAQ: BKNG) is the world’s leading provider of online travel and related services, provided to consumers and local partners in more than 220 countries and territories through six primary consumer-facing brands: Booking.com , Priceline , Agoda , Rentalcars.com, KAYAK and OpenTable . The mission of Booking Holdings is to make it easier for everyone to experience the world. For more information, visit BookingHoldings.com and follow us on Twitter @BookingHoldings. ### For Press Information : Leslie Cafferty communications@bookingholdings.com For Investor Relations : John Longstreet ir@bookingholdings.com #BKNG_Earnings 3 Booking Holdings Inc. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In millions, except share and per share data) June 30, 2022 December 31, 2021 (Unaudited) ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 11,841 $ 11,127 Accounts receivable, net (Allowance for expected credit losses of $102 and $101, respectively) 2,249 1,358 Prepaid expenses, net (Allowance for expected credit losses of $30 and $29, respectively) 492 404 Other current assets 342 256 Total current assets 14,924 13,145 Property and equipment, net 858 822 Operating lease assets 445 496 Intangible assets, net 1,925 2,057 Goodwill 2,842 2,887 Long-term investments 2,381 3,175 Other assets, net (Allowance for expected credit losses of $5 and $18, respectively) 1,118 1,059 Total assets $ 24,493 $ 23,641 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable $ 2,240 $ 1,586 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 2,364 1,765 Deferred merchant bookings 4,395 906 Short-term debt 1,283 1,989 Total current liabilities 10,282 6,246 Deferred income taxes 805 905 Operating…