Exhibit 99.2 is a presentation regarding the Company's third quarter 2020. The Company will hold a conference call on October 27, 2020 at 8:00 a.m. ET (5:00 a.m. PT) to discuss its third quarter 2020 financial results and forward-looking financial guidance. To supplement the Company’s financial results presented on a U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“GAAP”) basis, the Company’s earnings press release contains non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP operating expenses, non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP earnings per share, Adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow. The Company uses a normalized tax rate in its computation of the non-GAAP income tax provision to provide better consistency across the reporting periods. For fiscal 2020, the Company uses a projected non-GAAP tax rate, which excludes the direct tax impacts of pre-tax non-GAAP adjustments, of approximately 3%, reflecting currently available information. The Company believes that the supplemental non-GAAP financial measures make it easier for investors to compare its operating results for current and historical periods and also assist investors in comparing the Company's core performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis by excluding items that it believes are not indicative of the Company’s underlying operating performance. The Company cautions investors to carefully evaluate the financial results calculated in accordance with GAAP and the supplemental non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations. The Company’s non-GAAP financial measures are not intended to be considered in isolation and are not a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. The information in this report furnished pursuant to Items 2.02 and 7.01, including Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 attached hereto, shall not be deemed “filed” for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. It may only be incorporated by reference in another filing under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, if such subsequent filing specifically references the information furnished pursuant to Items 2.02 and 7.01 of this report.