Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On January 26, 2023, Intel Corporation (“Intel”) issued a press release announcing the financial results of its fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2022 and forward-looking statements relating to its first quarter of 2023. A copy of this press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference herein. The attached press release includes non-GAAP financial measures relating to our operations and forecasted outlook. Certain of these non-GAAP measures will be used in Intel’s earnings conference for the fourth quarter of 2022. In addition, the attached press release includes reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, as well as an explanation of how management uses these non-GAAP measures and the reasons why management views these measures as providing useful information for investors. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP, and the financial results calculated in accordance with GAAP and reconciliations to these results should be carefully evaluated. The information in Items 2.02 and 7.01 of this Report and the press release attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 are furnished and shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference herein. The attached press release includes non-GAAP financial measures relating to our operations and forecasted outlook. Certain of these non-GAAP measures will be used in Intel’s earnings conference for the fourth quarter of 2022. In addition, the attached press release includes reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, as well as an explanation of how management uses these non-GAAP measures and the reasons why management views these measures as providing useful information for investors. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP, and the financial results calculated in accordance with GAAP and reconciliations to these results should be carefully evaluated. The information in Items 2.02 and 7.01 of this Report and the press release attached hereto as