Exhibit 99.01 Cadence Reports First Quarter 2019 Financial Results SAN JOSE, Calif. — April 22, 2019 — Cadence Design Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ: CDNS) today announced results for the first quarter of 2019. Cadence reported first quarter 2019 revenue of $577 million, compared to revenue of $517 million reported for the same period in 2018. On a GAAP basis, Cadence achieved operating margin of 22 percent and recognized net income of $121 million, or $0.43 per share on a diluted basis, in the first quarter of 2019, compared to operating margin of 17 percent and net income of $73 million, or $0.26 per share on a diluted basis, for the same period in 2018. Using the non-GAAP measure defined below, operating margin for the first quarter of 2019 was 32 percent and net income was $152 million, or $0.54 per share on a diluted basis, compared to operating margin of 28 percent and net income of $113 million, or $0.40 per share on a diluted basis, for the same period in 2018. “Cadence achieved excellent operating results for the first quarter delivering 11 percent revenue growth and 32 percent non-GAAP operating margin. Our business is mission critical to silicon development, which is the cornerstone of all design activity,” said Lip-Bu Tan, chief executive officer. “We announced Clarity™ 3D Solver, our first product in the System Analysis space, as we introduced the next phase of our System Design Enablement strategy to provide more capabilities and value to customers and expand our TAM.” “I’m pleased with our financial discipline and continued broad-based growth,” said John Wall, senior vice president and chief financial officer. “We are raising our outlook for the year as technology trends like AI and 5G continue to drive strong design activity across all lines of our business.” CFO Commentary Commentary on the first quarter 2019 financial results by John Wall, senior vice president and chief financial officer, is available at www.cadence.com/cadence/investor_relations. Business Outlook For the second quarter of 2019, the company expects total revenue in the range of $575 million to $585 million. Second quarter GAAP operating margin is expected to be in the range of 21 percent to 22 percent and GAAP net income per diluted share is expected to be in the range of $0.34 to $0.36. Using the non-GAAP measure defined below, operating margin is expected to be in the range of 31 percent to 32 percent and net income per diluted share is expected to be in the range of $0.52 to $0.54. For 2019, the company expects total revenue in the range of $2.305 billion to $2.335 billion. On a GAAP basis, operating margin is expected to be approximately 21 percent and net income per diluted share for 2019 is expected to be in the range of $1.39 to $1.47. Using the non-GAAP measure defined below, operating margin for 2019 is expected to be approximately 31 percent and net income per diluted share for 2019 is expected to be in the range of $2.04 to $2.12. A schedule showing a reconciliation of the business outlook from GAAP operating margin, GAAP net income and diluted net income per share to non-GAAP operating margin and non-GAAP net income and diluted net income per share is included in this release. Audio Webcast Scheduled Lip-Bu Tan, chief executive officer, and John Wall, senior vice president and chief financial officer, will host the first quarter 2019 financial results audio webcast today, April 22, 2019, at 2 p.m. (Pacific) / 5 p.m. (Eastern). Attendees are asked to register at the website at least 10 minutes prior to the scheduled webcast. An archive of the webcast will be available starting April 22, 2019 at 5 p.m. (Pacific) and ending June 14, 2019 at 5 p.m. (Pacific). Webcast access is available at www.cadence.com/cadence/investor_relations. About Cadence Cadence enables electronic systems and semiconductor companies to create the innovative end products that are transforming the way people live, work and play. Cadence ® software, hardware and semiconductor IP are used by customers to deliver products to market faster. The company’s System Design Enablement strategy helps customers develop differentiated products—from chips to boards to systems—in mobile, consumer, cloud datacenter, automotive, aerospace, IoT, industrial and other market segments. Cadence is listed as one of Fortune Magazine's 100 Best Companies to Work For. Learn more at www.cadence.com . Cadence, the Cadence logo and Clarity are trademarks or registered trademarks of Cadence Design Systems, Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. The statements contained above, as well as the information in the Business Outlook section, are or include forward-looking statements based on current expectations or beliefs and preliminary assumptions about future events that are subject to factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are outside Cadence’s control, including, among others: (i) Cadence’s ability to compete successfully in the electronic design automation product and the commercial electronic design and methodology services industries; (ii) the success of Cadence’s efforts to improve operational efficiency and growth; (iii) the mix of products and services sold and the timing of significant orders for Cadence’s products; (iv) change in customer demands, including those resulting from consolidation among Cadence’s customers and the possibility that the restructurings and other efforts to improve operational efficiency of Cadence’s customers could result in delays in purchases of Cadence’s products and services; (v) economic and industry conditions in regions in which Cadence does business; (vi) fluctuations in rates of exchange between the U.S. dollar and the currencies of other countries in which Cadence does business; (vii) capital expenditure requirements, legislative or regulatory requirements, changes in tax laws, interest rates and Cadence’s ability to access capital and debt markets; (viii) the acquisition of other companies or technologies or the failure to successfully integrate and operate these companies or technologies Cadence acquires, including the potential inability to retain customers, key employees or vendors; (ix) the effects of Cadence’s efforts to improve operational efficiency in its business, including strategic, customer and supplier relationships, and its ability to retain key employees; (x) events that affect cash flow, liquidity, reserves or settlement assumptions Cadence may take from time to time with respect to accounts receivable, taxes and tax examinations, litigation or other matters; and (xi) the effects of any litigation or other proceedings to which Cadence is or may become a party. In addition, the timing and amount of Cadence's repurchase of its common stock under the authorizations will be subject to business and market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, stock price, acquisition opportunities and other factors. For a detailed discussion of these and other cautionary statements related to Cadence’s business, please refer to Cadence’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, which include Cadence’s most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including Cadence’s future filings. GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation Non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered as a substitute for or superior to measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. Investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures contained within this press release with their most directly comparable GAAP financial results. Investors are also encouraged to look at the GAAP results as the best measure of financial performance. To supplement Cadence’s financial results presented on a GAAP basis, Cadence management uses non-GAAP measures that it believes are helpful in understanding Cadence’s performance. One such measure is non-GAAP net income, which is a financial measure not calculated under GAAP. Non-GAAP net income is calculated by Cadence management by taking GAAP net income and excluding, as applicable, amortization of intangible assets, stock-based compensation expense, acquisition and integration-related costs including retention expenses, investment gains or losses, income or expenses related to Cadence’s non-qualified deferred compensation plan, restructuring and other significant items not directly related to Cadence’s core business operations, and the income tax effect of non-GAAP pre-tax adjustments. Cadence management uses non-GAAP net income because it excludes items that are generally not directly related to the performance of Cadence’s core business operations and therefore provides supplemental information to Cadence management and investors regarding the performance of the business operations, facilitates comparisons to the historical operating results and allows the review of Cadence's business from the same perspective as Cadence management, including forecasting and budgeting. The following tables reconcile the specific items excluded from GAAP operating margin, GAAP net income and GAAP net income per diluted share in the calculation of non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP net income per diluted share for the periods shown below: Operating Margin Reconciliation Three Months Ended March 30, 2019 March 31, 2018 (unaudited) GAAP operating margin as a percent of total revenue 22% 17% Reconciling items to non-GAAP operating margin as a percent of total revenue: Amortization of acquired intangibles 2% 3% Stock-based compensation expense 7% 7% Non-qualified deferred compensation expenses 1% 0% Restructuring and other credits 0% 0% Acquisition and integration-related costs 0% 1% Non-GAAP operating margin as a percent of total revenue 32% 28% Net Income Reconciliation Three Months Ended March 30, 2019 March 31, 2018 (unaudited) (in thousands) Net income on a GAAP basis $ 120,555 $ 72,885 Amortization of acquired intangibles 13,162 13,907 Stock-based compensation expense 42,253 37,901 Non-qualified deferred compensation expenses 2,540 127 Restructuring and other credits (689 ) (1,991 ) Acquisition and integration-related costs 914 7,783 Other income or expense related to investments and non-qualified deferred compensation plan assets* (5,187 ) (1,123 ) Income tax effect of non-GAAP adjustments (21,307 ) (16,280 ) Net income on a non-GAAP basis $ 152,241 $ 113,209 * Includes, as applicable, equity in losses or income from investments, write-down of investments, gains or losses on investments and gains or losses on non-qualified deferred compensation plan assets recorded in other income or expense. Diluted Net Income Per Share Reconciliation Three Months Ended March 30, 2019 March 31, 2018 (unaudited) (in thousands, except per share data) Diluted net income per share on a GAAP basis $ 0.43 $ 0.26 Amortization of acquired intangibles 0.05 0.05 Stock-based compensation expense 0.15 0.13 Non-qualified deferred compensation expenses 0.01 — Restructuring and other credits — (0.01 ) Acquisition and integration-related costs — 0.03 Other income or expense related to investments and non-qualified deferred compensation plan assets* (0.02 ) — Income tax effect of non-GAAP adjustments (0.08 ) (0.06 ) Diluted net income per share on a non-GAAP basis $ 0.54 $ 0.40 Shares used in calculation of diluted net income per share — GAAP** 280,615 281,651 Shares used in calculation of diluted net income per share — non-GAAP** 280,615 281,651 * Includes, as applicable, equity in losses or income from investments, write-down of investments, gains or losses on investments and gains or losses on non-qualified deferred compensation plan assets recorded in other income…