Exhibit 99.1 May 21, 2024 For 6:00 a.m. ET Release LOWE’S REPORTS FIRST QUARTER 2024 SALES AND EARNINGS RESULTS — Comparable Sales Decreased 4.1%; Diluted EPS of $3.06 — — Affirms Full Year 2024 Outlook — MOORESVILLE, N.C., May 21, 2024 – Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (NYSE: LOW) today reported net earnings of $1.8 billion and diluted earnings per share (EPS) of $3.06 for the quarter ended May 3, 2024, compared to diluted EPS of $3.77 in the first quarter of 2023, which included a gain associated with the 2022 sale of the Canadian retail business. Excluding this gain, first quarter 2023 adjusted diluted EPS 1 was $3.67. Total sales for the quarter were $21.4 billion, compared to $22.3 billion in the prior-year quarter. Comparable sales for the quarter decreased 4.1% as the decline in DIY big ticket discretionary spending was partially offset by positive comparable sales in Pro and online. “We are pleased with our start to spring, driven by strong execution and enhanced customer service,” said Marvin R. Ellison, Lowe’s chairman, president and CEO. “This quarter we rolled out our new DIY loyalty program nationally, expanded same-day delivery options and took market share in key categories. We continue to gain momentum with our Total Home strategy, reflected in our growth in Pro and online. I would like to thank our frontline associates for their hard work, commitment to customers and disciplined focus on productivity.” As of May 3, 2024, Lowe’s operated 1,746 stores representing 194.9 million square feet of retail selling space. Capital Allocation The company continues to execute a disciplined capital allocation program to generate long-term, sustainable shareholder value. During the quarter, the company repurchased approximately 3.0 million shares for $743 million, and it paid $633 million in dividends. 1 Adjusted diluted earnings per share is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures Reconciliation” section of this release for additional information, as well as reconciliations between the Company’s GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. Lowe’s Business Outlook The company is affirming its outlook for full year 2024. Full Year 2024 Outlook • Total sales of $84 to $85 billion • Comparable sales expected to be down -2 to -3% as compared to prior year • Operating income as a percentage of sales (operating margin) of 12.6% to 12.7% • Interest expense o f approximately $1.4 billion • Effective income tax rate of approximately 25% • Diluted earnings per share of approxi mately $12.00 to $12.30 • Capital expenditures of approxi mately $2 billion A conference call to discuss first quarter 2024 operating results is scheduled for today, Tuesday, May 21, at 9 a.m. ET. The conference call will be available by webcast and can be accessed by visiting Lowe’s website at ir.lowes.com and clicking on Lowe’s First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call Webcast. Supplemental slides will be available approximately 15 minutes prior to the start of the conference call. A replay of the call will be archived at ir.lowes.com. Lowe’s Companies, Inc. Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (NYSE: LOW) is a FORTUNE® 50 home improvement company serving approximately 16 million customer transactions a week in the United States. With total fiscal year 2023 sales of more than $86 billion, Lowe’s operates over 1,700 home improvement stores and employs approximately 300,000 associates. Based in Mooresville, N.C., Lowe’s supports the communities it serves through programs focused on creating safe, affordable housing and helping to develop the next generation of skilled trade experts. For more information, visit Lowes.com. Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This press release includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements including words such as “believe”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “plan”, “desire”, “project”, “estimate”, “intend”, “will”, “should”, “could”, “would”, “may”, “strategy”, “potential”, “opportunity”, “outlook”, “scenario”, “guidance”, and similar expressions are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve, among other things, expectations, projections, and assumptions about future financial and operating results, objectives (including objectives related to environmental and social matters), business outlook, priorities, sales growth, shareholder value, capital expenditures, cash flows, the housing market, the home improvement industry, demand for products and services including customer acceptance of new offerings and initiatives, macroeconomic conditions and consumer spending, share repurchases, and Lowe’s strategic initiatives, including those relating to acquisitions and dispositions and the impact of such transactions on our strategic and operational plans and financial results. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, and we can give no assurance that they will prove to be correct. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. A wide variety of potential risks, uncertainties, and other factors could materially affect our ability to achieve the results either expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements including, but not limited to, changes in general economic conditions, such as volatility and/or lack of liquidity from time to time in U.S. and world financial markets and the consequent reduced availability and/or higher cost of borrowing to Lowe’s and its customers, slower rates of growth in real disposable personal income that could affect the rate of growth in consumer spending, inflation and its impacts on discretionary spending and on our costs, shortages, and other disruptions in the labor supply, interest rate and currency fluctuations, home price appreciation or decreasing housing turnover, age of housing stock, the availability of consumer credit and of mortgage financing, trade policy changes or additional tariffs, outbreaks of pandemics, fluctuations in fuel and energy costs, inflation or deflation of commodity prices, natural disasters, geopolitical or armed conflicts, acts of both domestic and international terrorism, and other factors that can negatively affect our customers. Investors and others should carefully consider the foregoing factors and other uncertainties, risks and potential events including, but not limited to, those described in “

Exhibit 99.2 Market Share Acceleration Drive Pro penetration Accelerate online business Expand installation services Drive localization Elevate assortment Total Home Strategy Providing a full complement of products and services for Pros and Consumers alike, enabling a Total Home solution for every need in the home Q1 2024 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures Management of Lowe's Companies, Inc. (the Company) uses certain non-GAAP financial measures to provide additional insight for analysts and investors in evaluating the Company's financial and operating performance. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered alternatives to, or more meaningful indicators of, the Company's financial measures as prepared in accordance with GAAP. The Company's methods of determining these non-GAAP financial measures may differ from the methods used by other companies and may not be comparable. The Company has provided the following non-GAAP financial measures to assist the user in comparing its operating performance to the three months ended May 5, 2023: adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, and adjusted diluted earnings per share. These measures exclude the impacts of a certain item, further described below, not contemplated in Lowe's Business Outlook. Fiscal 2023 Impacts During fiscal 2023, the Company recognized financial impacts from the following, not contemplated in the Company's Business Outlook for fiscal 2023: • In the first quarter of fiscal 2023, the Company recognized pre-tax income of $63 million consisting of a realized gain on the contingent consideration and adjustments to the selling price associated with the fiscal 2022 sale of the Canadian retail business (Canadian retail business transaction). The following provides a reconciliation of the Company's non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures: Three Months Ended Adjusted Operating Income (in millions, except percentage data) May 5, 2023 Operating Income, As Reported $ 3,288 Canadian retail business transaction (63) Adjusted Operating Income $ 3,225 Operating Margin, % of Sales, As Reported 14.71 % Adjusted Operating Margin, % of Sales 14.43 % Three Months Ended May 5, 2023 Adjusted Diluted Earnings Per Share Pre-Tax Earnings Tax 1 Net Earnings Diluted Earnings Per Share, As Reported $ 3.77 Canadian retail business transaction (0.10) — (0.10) Adjusted Diluted Earnings Per Share $ 3.67 1 Represents the corresponding tax benefit or expense specifically related to the item excluded from adjusted diluted earnings per share.

EXHIBIT 99.2 exhibit992-05032024 Financial Highlights Marvin R. Ellison, Chairman & CEO “We are pleased with our start to spring driven by strong execution and enhanced customer service. This quarter we rolled out our new DIY loyalty program, expanded same-day delivery options and took market share in key categories. We continue to gain momentum with our Total Home strategy, reflected in our growth in Pro and online.” Q1 2024 RESULTS National rollout of new DIY Loyalty program -4.1% COMP SALES We returned $1.4 BILLION to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases 33.2% GROSS MARGIN -49 basis points $3.06 DILUTED EPS -19% vs. LY -17% vs LY Adjusted Diluted EPS1 Expanded our same-day delivery options by partnering with DoorDash and Shipt Positive Pro comp sales across all geographic divisions 12.4% OPERATING MARGIN -229 basis points vs. LY -201 basis points vs. LY Adjusted Operating Margin1 Comparable Sales Summary COMP TRANSACTIONS COMP $102.52 AVERAGE TICKET ONLINE SALES GROWTH -3.1% -1.0% +0.9% -1.9% -4.1% -7.6%>$500 $100-$500 <$100 6 of 15 Regions Delivered Comp Growth Above Company Average Product Category Performance Comp above company average in 6 of 14 product categories BUILDING MATERIALS HARDWARE LAWN & GARDEN PAINT ROUGH PLUMBING LUMBER Monthly Comp Sales Performance Comp Sales by Ticket Size -6.7% -4.9% -1.1% -3.0% -5.4% -3.9% 2024 2023 Q1 Total Home Strategy Updates 1. Adjusted Operating Margin and Adjusted Diluted EPS are non-GAAP financial measures. Refer to ir.lowes.com/investor for a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures. Earlier Easter timing pressured March by ~300bps and benefited April by a similar amount (stores closed on Easter). FEB MAR APR