Exhibit 99.1 DANAHER REPORTS FIRST QUARTER 2019 RESULTS WASHINGTON, D.C., April 18, 2019 – Danaher Corporation (NYSE: DHR) today announced results for the first quarter 2019. For the quarter ended March 29, 2019, net earnings were $333.8 million, or $0.46 per diluted share which represents a 41.0% year-over-year decrease from the comparable 2018 period. Non-GAAP adjusted diluted net earnings per share were $1.07 which represents an 8.0% increase over the comparable 2018 period. For the first quarter 2019, revenues increased 4.0% year-over-year to $4.9 billion, with non-GAAP core revenue growth of 5.5%. Operating cash flow for the first quarter 2019 was $703.3 million and non-GAAP free cash flow was $548.4 million. For the second quarter 2019, the Company anticipates that diluted net earnings per share will be in the range of $0.89 to $0.92 and non-GAAP adjusted diluted net earnings per share will be in the range of $1.13 to $1.16. For the full year 2019, the Company now anticipates that diluted net earnings per share will be in the range of $3.34 to $3.42 versus previous guidance of $3.85 to $3.95. The Company now expects its 2019 non-GAAP adjusted diluted net earnings per share to be in the range of $4.72 to $4.80 versus previous guidance of $4.75 to $4.85. This updated guidance reflects the dilution related to our recent equity offerings to fund the GE Biopharma acquisition, partially offset by our first quarter 2019 performance. Thomas P. Joyce, Jr., President and Chief Executive Officer, stated, “During the first quarter, we achieved 5.5% core revenue growth and believe we expanded our market-leading positions across a number of our businesses. Combined with high-single digit adjusted earnings per share growth and good cash flow generation, our performance is a testament to our team’s focused execution and the power of the Danaher Business System.” Joyce continued, “We are excited about our recently announced agreement to acquire GE Biopharma and continue to expect the deal to close in the fourth quarter of this year. The business will be an excellent complement to our current biologics workflow solutions and will bring a highly innovative, industry-leading product suite to our Life Sciences portfolio. We look forward to welcoming this talented team to Danaher.” Danaher will discuss its results during its quarterly investor conference call today starting at 8:00 a.m. ET. The call and an accompanying slide presentation will be webcast on the “Investors” section of Danaher’s website, www.danaher.com, under the subheading “Events & Presentations.” A replay of the webcast will be available in the same section of Danaher’s website shortly after the conclusion of the presentation and will remain available until the next quarterly earnings call. The conference call can be accessed by dialing 866-503-8675 within the U.S. or by dialing +1 786-815-8792 outside the U.S. a few minutes before the 8:00 a.m. ET start and telling the operator that you are dialing in for Danaher’s investor conference call (access code 1492175). A replay of the conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call and until April 25, 2019. You can access the replay dial-in information on the “Investors” section of Danaher’s website under the subheading “Events & Presentations.” In addition, presentation materials relating to Danaher’s results have been posted to the “Investors” section of Danaher’s website under the subheading “Quarterly Earnings.” All results in this release reflect only continuing operations unless otherwise noted. ABOUT DANAHER Danaher is a global science and technology innovator committed to helping its customers solve complex challenges and improving quality of life around the world. Its family of world class brands has leadership positions in the demanding and attractive health care, environmental and applied end-markets. With more than 20 operating companies, Danaher's globally diverse team of approximately 71,000 associates is united by a common culture and operating system, the Danaher Business System, and our Shared Purpose, Helping Realize Life’s Potential . For more information, please visit www.danaher.com. NON-GAAP MEASURES In addition to the financial measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), this earnings release also contains non-GAAP financial measures. Calculations of these measures, the reasons why we believe these measures provide useful information to investors, a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP 1 measures and other information relating to these non-GAAP measures are included in the supplemental reconciliation schedule attached. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Statements in this release that are not strictly historical, including the statements regarding the Company’s anticipated financial performance for the second quarter and full year 2019 and opportunities and positioning for 2019 and beyond, the anticipated acquisition of GE Biopharma, the expected timetable for completing the acquisition, the anticipated impact of the acquisition on Danaher and any other statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future are “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. There are a number of important factors that could cause actual results, developments and business decisions to differ materially from those suggested or indicated by such forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. These factors include, among other things, the uncertainty of regulatory approvals with respect to the GE Biopharma acquisition and the timing or conditionality thereof, the parties’ ability to satisfy the acquisition agreement conditions and consummate the acquisition of GE Biopharma on the anticipated timetable and terms or at all, Danaher’s ability to successfully integrate GE Biopharma’s operations and employees with Danaher’s existing business, the ability to realize anticipated financial, tax and operational synergies and benefits, GE Biopharma’s performance and maintenance of important business relationships, Danaher’s ability to complete the previously-announced Initial Public Offering (“IPO”) of its Dental business on the currently contemplated timeline or at all and achieve the intended benefits thereof, deterioration of or instability in the economy, the markets served by us or GE Biopharma and the financial markets, developments and uncertainties in U.S. policy stemming from the U.S. administration, such as changes in U.S. trade and tariff policies and the reaction of other countries thereto, contractions or growth rates and cyclicality of markets we serve, competition, our ability to develop and successfully market new products and technologies and expand into new markets, the potential for improper conduct by our employees, agents or business partners, our compliance with applicable laws and regulations (including regulations relating to medical devices and the health care industry), the results of our clinical trials and perceptions thereof, our ability to effectively address cost reductions and other changes in the health care industry, our ability to successfully identify and consummate appropriate acquisitions and strategic investments and successfully complete divestitures and other dispositions, our ability to integrate the businesses we acquire and achieve the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions, contingent liabilities relating to acquisitions, investments and divestitures (including tax-related and other contingent liabilities relating to past and future IPOs, split-offs or spin-offs), security breaches or other disruptions of our information technology systems or violations of data privacy laws, the impact of our restructuring activities on our ability to grow, risks relating to potential impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets, currency exchange rates, tax audits and changes in our tax rate and income tax liabilities, changes in tax laws applicable to multinational companies, litigation and other contingent liabilities including intellectual property and environmental, health and safety matters, the rights of the United States government to use, disclose and license certain intellectual property we license if we fail to commercialize it, risks relating to product, service or software defects, product liability and recalls, risks relating to product manufacturing, the impact of our debt obligations on our operations and liquidity (including the impact of the additional debt Danaher expects to incur to finance the GE Biopharma acquisition), our relationships with and the performance of our channel partners, uncertainties relating to collaboration arrangements with third-parties, commodity costs and surcharges, our ability to adjust purchases and manufacturing capacity to reflect market conditions, reliance on sole sources of supply, the impact of deregulation on demand for our products and services, labor matters, international economic, political, legal, compliance and business factors (including the impact of the United Kingdom’s decision to leave the EU and uncertainty relating to the terms and timing of such separation), disruptions relating to man-made and natural disasters and pension plan costs. Additional information regarding the factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements is available in our SEC filings, including our 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter of 2019. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this release and except to the extent required by applicable law, the Company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events and developments or otherwise. CONTACT Matthew E. Gugino Vice President, Investor Relations Danaher Corporation 2200 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., Suite 800W Washington, D.C. 20037 Telephone: (202) 828-0850 Fax: (202) 828-0860 2 DANAHER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS (unaudited) ($ and shares in millions, except per share amounts) Three-Month Period Ended March 29, 2019 March 30, 2018 Sales $ 4,879.9 $ 4,695.4 Cost of sales (2,161.9 ) (2,051.8 ) Gross profit 2,718.0 2,643.6 Operating costs: Selling, general and administrative expenses (1,683.4 ) (1,601.9 ) Research and development expenses (310.8 ) (298.7 ) Operating profit 723.8 743.0 Nonoperating income (expense): Other income, net 5.2 7.8 Interest expense (23.3 ) (39.1 ) Interest income 15.7 1.4 Earnings before income taxes 721.4 713.1 Income taxes (387.6 ) (146.5 ) Net earnings 333.8 566.6 Mandatory convertible preferred stock dividends (6.5 ) — Net earnings attributable to common stockholders $ 327.3 $ 566.6 Net earnings per common share: Basic $ 0.46 $ 0.81 Diluted $ 0.46 $ 0.80 Average common stock and common equivalent shares outstanding: Basic 707.6 698.6 Diluted 718.5 709.5 This information is presented for reference only. A complete copy of Danaher’s Form 10-Q financial statements is available on the Company’s website (www.danaher.com). 3 DANAHER CORPORATION RECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES Adjusted Diluted Net Earnings Per Share Three-Month Period Ended March 29, 2019 1 March 30, 2018 Diluted Net Earnings Per Share (GAAP) $ 0.46 $ 0.80 Pretax amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets A 0.25 0.24 Pretax separation and duplicative general and administrative costs related to the Dental business separation and initial public offering B 0.01 — Pretax transaction costs deemed significant and integration preparation costs related to the anticipated GE Biopharma acquisition C 0.02 — Provision for a legal contingency D 0.05 — Tax effect of all…