Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On October 25, 2018 , Gilead Sciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Gilead), issued a press release announcing its financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2018 . A copy of the press release is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. Gilead has presented certain financial information in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and also on a non-GAAP basis for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2018 and 2017 . Management believes this non-GAAP information is useful for investors, when considered in conjunction with Gilead’s GAAP financial statements, because management uses such information internally for its operating, budgeting and financial planning purposes. Non-GAAP information is not prepared under a comprehensive set of accounting rules and should only be used to supplement an understanding of Gilead’s operating results as reported under GAAP. Non-GAAP measures may be defined and calculated differently by other companies in the same industry. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP financial information is provided in the tables on pages 7, 8 and 9 of the press release filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. The information in this Form 8-K and the exhibit attached hereto shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. Section 9 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS

Exhibit 99.1 to this report. Gilead has presented certain financial information in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and also on a non-GAAP basis for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2018 and 2017 . Management believes this non-GAAP information is useful for investors, when considered in conjunction with Gilead’s GAAP financial statements, because management uses such information internally for its operating, budgeting and financial planning purposes. Non-GAAP information is not prepared under a comprehensive set of accounting rules and should only be used to supplement an understanding of Gilead’s operating results as reported under GAAP. Non-GAAP measures may be defined and calculated differently by other companies in the same industry. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP financial information is provided in the tables on pages 7, 8 and 9 of the press release filed as