Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On January 20, 2026, Netflix, Inc. (the “Company”) announced its financial results for the quarter ended December 31, 2025. The Letter to Shareholders, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference, includes reference to the non-GAAP financial information. A reconciliation to the GAAP equivalent of non-GAAP measures is contained in tabular form in Exhibit 99.1. We are not able to reconcile forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures because we are unable to predict without unreasonable effort the exact amount or timing of the reconciling items, including property and equipment, and the impact of changes in currency exchange rates. The variability of these items could have a significant impact on our future GAAP financial results. The information contained in this

Item 2.02 and the accompanying Exhibit 99.1 are “furnished” and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing, unless expressly incorporated by specific reference in such filing.

Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference, includes reference to the non-GAAP financial information. A reconciliation to the GAAP equivalent of non-GAAP measures is contained in tabular form in

Exhibit 99.1. We are not able to reconcile forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures because we are unable to predict without unreasonable effort the exact amount or timing of the reconciling items, including property and equipment, and the impact of changes in currency exchange rates. The variability of these items could have a significant impact on our future GAAP financial results. The information contained in this

Exhibit 99.1 are “furnished” and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing, unless expressly incorporated by specific reference in such filing.

Exhibit 99.1 Letter to Shareholders dated January 20, 2026 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) Important Information and Where to Find It In connection with the proposed transaction between Netflix, Inc. ("Netflix") and Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. ("WBD"), WBD filed a preliminary proxy statement on Schedule 14A (the “Proxy Statement”) with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on January 20, 2026. The preliminary Proxy Statement is not final and may be amended, and the definitive Proxy Statement (if and when available) will be mailed to stockholders of WBD. WBD also intends to file a registration statement for the newly formed subsidiary of WBD (“Discovery Global”) that will be spun off from WBD prior to the closing of the proposed transaction. Each of Netflix and WBD may also file with or furnish to the SEC other relevant documents regarding the proposed transaction. This communication is not a substitute for the Proxy Statement or any other document that Netflix or WBD may file with the SEC or mail to WBD’s stockholders in connection with the proposed transaction. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS OF NETFLIX AND WBD ARE URGED TO READ THE PROXY STATEMENT, AS WELL AS ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC IN CONNECTION WITH THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION OR INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO THE PROXY STATEMENT (INCLUDING ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS THERETO), BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING NETFLIX, WBD, THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION AND RELATED MATTERS. The documents filed by Netflix with the SEC also may be obtained free of charge at Netflix’s website at https://ir.netflix.net/home/default.aspx. The documents filed by WBD with the SEC also may be obtained free of charge at WBD’s website at https://ir.wbd.com. Participants in the Solicitation Netflix, WBD and certain of their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the stockholders of WBD in connection with the proposed transaction under the rules of the SEC. Information about the interests of the directors and executive officers of WBD and other persons who may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of stockholders of WBD in connection with the proposed transaction and a description of their direct and indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, will be included in the Proxy Statement, which will be filed by WBD with the SEC. Information about WBD’s directors and executive officers is set forth in WBD’s proxy statement for its 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on April 23, 2025, WBD’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, and any subsequent filings with the SEC. Information about Netflix’s directors and executive officers is set forth in Netflix’s proxy statement for its 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on April 17, 2025, and any subsequent filings with the SEC. Additional information regarding the direct and indirect interests of those persons and other persons who may be deemed participants in the proposed transaction may be obtained by reading the Proxy Statement regarding the proposed transaction when it becomes available. Free copies of these documents may be obtained as described above. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This document contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the…