Exhibit 99.1 PepsiCo Reports Fourth-Quarter and Full-Year 2019 Results; Provides 2020 Financial Outlook Reported (GAAP) Fourth-Quarter and Full-Year 2019 Results Fourth-Quarter Full-Year Net revenue growth 5.7% 3.9% Foreign exchange impact on net revenue —% (2)% Earnings per share (EPS) $1.26 $5.20 EPS change (74)% (41)% Foreign exchange impact on EPS —% (1)% Organic/Core (non-GAAP) 1 Fourth-Quarter and Full-Year 2019 Results Fourth-Quarter Full-Year Organic revenue growth 4.3% 4.5% Core EPS $1.45 $5.53 Core constant currency EPS change (2.5)% (1)% PURCHASE, N.Y. - February 13, 2020 - PepsiCo, Inc. (NASDAQ: PEP) today reported results for the fourth quarter and full-year 2019 . “We are pleased with our performance for 2019 as we met or exceeded each of the financial goals we outlined at the beginning of the year. Our revenue growth accelerated for the full year as we embarked on our strategy to win with purpose by becoming Faster, Stronger, and Better. We increased brand support to become more locally relevant and consumer-centric, we strengthened our go-to-market execution to enhance our customer relationships, and we embraced a new set of initiatives to help build a more sustainable food system,” said Chairman and CEO Ramon Laguarta. “For 2020, we expect to deliver 4% organic revenue growth and 7% core constant currency EPS growth. We will continue to invest in our business and strive to develop advantaged capabilities that will fortify our business for the long-term.” 1 Please refer to the Glossary for the definitions of non-GAAP financial measures including “Organic,” “Core” and “Constant Currency” and to “Guidance and Outlook” for additional information regarding PepsiCo’s full-year 2020 growth objectives and financial targets. PepsiCo provides guidance on a non-GAAP basis as we cannot predict certain elements which are included in reported GAAP results, including the impact of foreign exchange and mark-to-market adjustments. Please refer to PepsiCo’s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 13, 2020 (2019 Form 10-K) for additional information regarding PepsiCo’s financial results for the year ended December 28, 2019 . Please refer to the 2019 Form 10-K for information regarding changes to our organizational structure during the fourth quarter 2019, as a result of which our former Europe Sub-Saharan Africa (ESSA) segment has been realigned as Europe and no longer includes Sub-Saharan Africa and our former Asia, Middle East and North Africa (AMENA) segment has been realigned into two segments: Africa, Middle East and South Asia (AMESA) and Asia Pacific, Australia and New Zealand and China region (APAC). Our historical segment reporting presented herein has been retrospectively revised to reflect the new organizational structure. 1 Summary Fourth-Quarter 2019 Performance Revenue Volume GAAP Reported % Change Percentage Point Impact Organic % Change Organic Volume % Change Foreign Exchange Translation Acquisitions, Divestitures and Other Structural Changes Food/Snacks Beverages FLNA 3 — — 3 2 QFNA — — — — 1 PBNA 4 — (1) 3 — LatAm 5 1 — 6 (1) 3 Europe 15 — (9) 6 2 2 AMESA 3 (1) 6 8 9 6 APAC 8 1 — 9 7 4 Total 6 — (1.5) 4 2 3 Operating Profit and EPS GAAP Reported % Change Percentage Point Impact Core Constant Currency % Change Items Affecting Comparability Foreign Exchange Translation FLNA 3 (2) — 1 QFNA (21) (2) — (24) PBNA 5 (12) — (7) LatAm 16 (3) 1 14 Europe 28 (21) — 7 AMESA (11) 9 — (2) APAC 3 (9) (1) (7) Corporate unallocated expenses (19) 36 — 17 Total 11 (14) — (3) EPS (74) 71 — (2.5) Note: Rows may not sum due to rounding. Organic revenue and core constant currency results are non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP information in the attached exhibits and to the Glossary for definitions of “Organic,” “Core” and “Constant Currency.” 2 Discussion of Fourth-Quarter 2019 Reported Division Results: In addition to the reported net revenue performance as set out in the tables on pages 2 and A-7, reported operating results were driven by the following: Frito-Lay North America (FLNA) Operating profit increased 3%, primarily reflecting productivity savings and net revenue growth, partially offset by certain operating cost increases and higher advertising and marketing expenses. Additionally, a gain on the sale of an asset contributed 2 percentage points to operating profit growth. Quaker Foods North America (QFNA) Operating profit decreased 21%, primarily reflecting certain operating cost increases, higher advertising and marketing expenses, unfavorable net pricing and a 4-percentage-point impact of higher commodity costs. These impacts were partially offset by productivity savings, favorable mix and volume growth. PepsiCo Beverages North America (PBNA) Operating profit increased 5%, primarily driven by a 12-percentage-point impact of lower restructuring and impairment charges. Net revenue growth and productivity savings contributed to operating profit performance and were partially offset by certain operating cost increases, an 8-percentage-point impact of higher commodity costs and higher advertising and marketing expenses. Additionally, higher current-year gains on asset sales contributed 2.5 percentage points to operating profit performance. Latin America (LatAm) Operating profit increased 16%, primarily reflecting productivity savings and net revenue growth, partially offset by certain operating cost increases and a 4-percentage-point impact of a prior-year insurance settlement recovery related to the 2017 earthquake in Mexico. Lower restructuring and impairment charges contributed 3 percentage points to operating profit growth. Europe Operating profit increased 28%, primarily reflecting net revenue growth, productivity savings and a 14-percentage-point net impact of our SodaStream International Ltd. (SodaStream) acquisition. These impacts were partially offset by certain operating cost increases, higher advertising and marketing expenses and a 14-percentage-point impact of a prior-year gain on the refranchising of our entire beverage bottling operations and snack distribution operations in Czech Republic, Hungary and Slovakia (CHS). Africa, Middle East and South Asia (AMESA) Operating profit decreased 11%, primarily driven by certain operating cost increases, higher advertising and marketing expenses and a 5-percentage-point impact of higher commodity costs. These impacts were partially offset by productivity savings and net revenue growth. Additionally, a prior-year gain on the sale of an asset negatively impacted operating profit performance by 8 percentage points. Merger and integration charges and higher restructuring and impairment charges negatively impacted operating profit performance by 9 percentage points. Asia Pacific, Australia and New Zealand and China Region (APAC) Operating profit increased 3%, primarily driven by a 9-percentage-point impact of lower restructuring and impairment charges. Additionally, certain operating cost increases and higher advertising and marketing expenses negatively impacted operating profit performance and were partially offset by volume growth and productivity savings. 3 Summary Full-Year 2019 Performance Revenue Volume GAAP Reported % Change Percentage Point Impact Organic % Change Organic Volume % Change Foreign Exchange Translation Acquisitions, Divestitures and Other Structural Changes Food/Snacks Beverages FLNA 4.5 — — 4.5 1 QFNA 1 — — 1 — PBNA 3 — (1) 3 (1) LatAm 3 4 — 7 — 4 Europe 7 5 (6) 5.5 1 — AMESA — 2 4 6 7 4 APAC 4.5 3 2 9 6 4 Total 4 2 (1) 4.5 2 2 Operating Profit and EPS GAAP Reported % Change Percentage Point Impact Core Constant Currency % Change Items Affecting Comparability Foreign Exchange Translation FLNA 5 — — 5 QFNA (15) (0.5) — (15) PBNA (4) (1) — (6) LatAm 9 2 2 13 Europe 6 2 5 13 AMESA 1.5 4 2.5 8 APAC (23) 6 2 (16) Corporate unallocated expenses (6) 20 — 14 Total 2 (2) 1 1 EPS (41) 38 1 (1) Note: Rows may not sum due to rounding. Organic revenue and core constant currency results are non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP information in the attached exhibits and to the Glossary for definitions of “Organic,” “Core” and “Constant Currency.” 4 Discussion of Full-Year 2019 Reported Division Results: In addition to the reported net revenue performance as set out in the tables on pages 4 and A-7, reported operating results were driven by the following: FLNA Operating profit grew 5%, primarily reflecting the net revenue growth and productivity savings, partially offset by certain operating cost increases and higher advertising and marketing expenses. Additionally, a prior-year bonus extended to certain U.S. employees in connection with the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJ Act) contributed 1 percentage point to operating profit growth. QFNA Operating profit decreased 15%, reflecting certain operating cost increases, a 5-percentage-point impact of higher commodity costs, and higher advertising and marketing expenses. These impacts were partially offset by productivity savings. PBNA Operating profit decreased 4%, reflecting certain operating cost increases, higher advertising and marketing expenses, an 8-percentage-point impact of higher commodity costs and the volume decline. These impacts were partially offset by the effective net pricing and productivity savings. Year-over-year gains on asset sales negatively contributed 1 percentage point to operating profit performance. A gain associated with an insurance recovery positively contributed 1 percentage point to current-year operating profit performance and was offset by less-favorable insurance adjustments compared to the prior year, which negatively impacted the current-year operating profit performance by 1 percentage point. Additionally, a prior-year bonus extended to certain U.S. employees in connection with the TCJ Act positively contributed 2 percentage points to operating profit performance. LatAm Operating profit increased 9%, reflecting the effective net pricing and productivity savings, partially offset by certain operating cost increases and a 10-percentage-point impact of higher commodity costs largely due to transaction-related foreign exchange. Unfavorable foreign exchange and higher restructuring and impairment charges each reduced operating profit growth by 2 percentage points. Europe Operating profit increased 6%, reflecting the net revenue growth, productivity savings and a 10-percentage-point net impact of our SodaStream acquisition. These impacts were partially offset by certain operating cost increases, a 10-percentage-point impact of higher commodity costs largely due to transaction-related foreign exchange, higher advertising and marketing expenses, and a 4-percentage-point impact of a prior-year gain on the refranchising of our entire beverage bottling operations and snack distribution operations in CHS. Unfavorable foreign exchange reduced operating profit growth by 5 percentage points. AMESA Operating profit increased 1.5%, reflecting productivity savings, the volume growth and the effective net pricing. These impacts were partially offset by certain operating cost increases, a 5-percentage-point impact of higher commodity costs and higher advertising and marketing expenses. Higher restructuring and impairment charges and unfavorable foreign exchange reduced operating profit growth by 3 percentage points and 2.5 percentage points, respectively. 5 APAC Operating profit decreased 23%, primarily reflecting a 23-percentage-point impact of the gain on the prior-year refranchising of a portion of our beverage business in Thailand. Additionally, certain operating cost increases and higher advertising and marketing expenses negatively impacted operating profit performance. These impacts were partially offset by the net revenue growth and productivity savings. Higher restructuring and impairment charges negatively impacted operating profit performance…