Exhibit 99.1 DocuSign Announces Third Quarter Fiscal 2022 Financial Results San Francisco – December 2, 2021 – DocuSign, Inc. (NASDAQ: DOCU), which offers the world’s #1 e-signature solution as part of the DocuSign Agreement Cloud, today announced results for its fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2021. “Third quarter revenue growth of 42% year-over-year and operating margin of 22% exceeded our expectations. After six quarters of accelerated growth, we saw customers return to more normalized buying patterns, resulting in 28% year-over-year billings growth," said Dan Springer, CEO of DocuSign. "With a $50 billion TAM and 1.11 million customers worldwide, we are confident in the value DocuSign delivers in an increasingly digital anywhere economy. " Third Quarter Financial Highlights ▪ Total revenue was $545.5 million, an increase of 42% year-over-year. Subscription revenue was $528.6 million, an increase of 44% year-over-year. Professional services and other revenue was $16.9 million, an increase of 4% year-over-year. ▪ Billings were $565.2 million , an increase of 28% year-over-year. ▪ GAAP gross margin was 79% compared to 74% in the same period last year. Non-GAAP gross margin was 82% compared to 79% in the same period last year. ▪ GAAP net loss per basic and diluted share was $0.03 on 198 million shares outstanding compared to $0.31 on 186 million shares outstanding in the same period last year. ▪ Non-GAAP net income per diluted share was $0.58 on 208 million shares outstanding compared to $0.22 on 206 million shares outstanding in the same period last year. ▪ Net cash provided by operating activities was $105.4 million compared to $57.4 million in the same period last year. ▪ Free cash flow was $90.0 million compared to $38.1 million in the same period last year. ▪ Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and investments were $908.2 million at the end of the quarter. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures has been provided in the tables included in this press release. An explanation of these measures is also included below under the heading “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Other Key Metrics.” Operational and Other Financial Highlights • DocuSign Agreement Cloud 2020 Product Release 3. DocuSign recently announced several exciting new product capabilities to help businesses move forward including: ◦ DocuSign eSignature enhancements such as Delegated Signing, Recipient Connect, Rooms for Mortgage with Encompass® by ICE Mortgage Technology™, Dynamic Content for DocuSign Click, SMS Delivery enhancement, Notary enhancements, ID Verification enhancement, and Agreement Actions enhancements to automate post-signature tasks. ◦ Other Agreement Cloud enhancements such as collaboration enhancements that give DocuSign CLM users the ability to comment, @-mention and assign tasks in the CLM UI, and enhancements to DocuSign Gen for Salesforce Billing, which helps to simplify invoice generation and delivery for businesses. • Expansion of Salesforce Partnership. On October 27, 2021 , DocuSign and Salesforce announced an expansion of their global strategic partnership to build new joint solutions that make it easier for customers to accelerate how agreements are facilitated around the world. New innovations will automate the contract process with AI-based, smart solutions that improve the customer experience of preparing, signing, and managing agreements, drive faster ROI, and increase collaboration amongst organizations with Slack functionality. • DocuSign Ventures. DocuSign introduced DocuSign Ventures, a new initiative dedicated to nurturing the growing ecosystem of entrepreneurs and startups that are changing the future of how we all will agree. Ventures will focus on co-investing in and partnering with companies raising early-stage funding to innovate around the agreement process. This includes technologies that facilitate pre-agreement work and negotiation, 1 DOCUSIGN, INC. as well as the logistics and workflows after an agreement is signed. Ventures reinforces the company's existing strategic investments and partnership efforts across the startup ecosystem. Outlook The company currently expects the following guidance: ▪ Quarter ending January 31, 2022 (in millions, except percentages): Total revenue $557 to $563 Subscription revenue $544 to $550 Billings $647 to $659 Non-GAAP gross margin 81% to 82% Non-GAAP operating margin 17% to 19% Non-GAAP diluted weighted-average shares outstanding 205 to 210 ▪ Year ending January 31, 2022 (in millions, except percentages): Total revenue $2,083 to $2,089 Subscription revenue $2,017 to $2,023 Billings $2,335 to $2,347 Non-GAAP gross margin 81% to 82% Non-GAAP operating margin 19% to 21% Provision for income taxes $3 to $4 Non-GAAP diluted weighted-average shares outstanding 205 to 210 The company has not reconciled its guidance of non-GAAP financial measures to the corresponding GAAP measures because stock-based compensation expense cannot be reasonably calculated or predicted at this time. Accordingly, a reconciliation has not been provided. 2 DOCUSIGN, INC. Webcast Conference Call Information The company will host a conference call on December 2, 2021 at 1:30 p.m. PT (4:30 p.m. ET) to d iscuss its financial results. A live webcast of the event will be available on the DocuSign Investor Relations website at investor.docusign.com. A live dial-in will be avail able domestically at 877-407-0784 or internationally at 201-689-8560. A replay will be available domestically at 844-512-2921 or internationally at 412-317-6671 until midnight (ET) December 16, 2021 using the passcode 13724911. About DocuSign DocuSign helps organizations connect and automate how they prepare, sign, act on, and manage agreements. As part of the DocuSign Agreement Cloud, DocuSign offers eSignature, the world's #1 way to sign electronically on practically any device, from almost anywhere, at any time. Today, over a million customers and more than a billion users in over 180 countries use the DocuSign Agreement Cloud to accelerate the process of doing business and simplify people's lives. For more information, visit www.docusign.com, call +1-877-720-2040, or follow @DocuSign on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook and Instagram. Copyright 2021. DocuSign, Inc. is the owner of DOCUSIGN® and all its other marks (www.docusign.com/IP). Investor Relations: Annie Leschin VP Investor Relations investors@docusign.com Media Relations: Megan Gregorio Corporate Communications media@docusign.com Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains “forward-looking” statements that are based on our management's beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts and can be identified by terms such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “expects,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “could,” “intends,” “target,” “projects,” “contemplates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “potential,” or “continue” or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans or intentions. Forward-looking statements in this press release include, among other things, statements under “Outlook” above and any other statements about expected financial metrics, such as revenue, billings, non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP diluted weighted-average shares outstanding, and non-financial metrics, such as customer growth, as well as statements related to our expectations regarding the benefits of the DocuSign Agreement Cloud, enhancements and additions to it, including as a result of acquisitions. They also include statements about our future operating results and financial position, our business strategy and plans, market growth and trends, and our objectives for future operations. These statements are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. These risks and uncertainties include, among other things, risks related to our expectations regarding the impact of the evolving COVID-19 pandemic on our business, our results of operations and our financial condition, as well as our future profitability and growth once the pandemic and its related effects begin to abate or have abated; our expectations regarding the impact of the evolving COVID-19 pandemic on the businesses of our customers, partners and suppliers, and the economy, as well as the macro-and micro-effects of the pandemic, including the pace of the digital transformation of business and differing levels of demand for our products as our customers’ priorities, resources, financial conditions and economic outlook change; our ability to estimate the size of our total addressable market; our ability to effectively sustain and manage our growth and future expenses, achieve and maintain future profitability, attract new customers and maintain and expand our existing customer base; our ability to scale and update our platform to respond to customers' needs and rapid technological change; the effects of increased competition in our market and our ability to compete effectively; our ability to expand use cases within existing customers and vertical solutions; our ability to expand our operations and increase adoption of our platform internationally; our ability to strengthen and foster our relationships with developers; our ability to expand our direct sales force, customer success team and strategic partnerships around the world; our ability to identify targets for and execute potential acquisitions; our ability to successfully integrate the operations of businesses we may acquire, and to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions; our ability to maintain, protect and enhance our brand; the sufficiency of our cash, cash equivalents and 3 DOCUSIGN, INC. capital resources to satisfy our liquidity needs; limitations on us due to obligations we have under our credit facility or other indebtedness; our failure or the failure of our software to comply with applicable industry standards, laws and regulations; our ability to maintain, protect and enhance our intellectual property; our ability to successfully defend litigation against us; our ability to attract large organizations as users; our ability to maintain our corporate culture; our ability to offer high-quality customer support; our ability to hire, retain and motivate qualified personnel; our ability to estimate the size and potential growth of our target market; and our ability to maintain proper and effective internal controls. Additional risks and uncertainties that could affect our financial results are included in the sections titled “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2021 filed on March 31, 2021, our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2021 filed on September 3, 2021 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), and other filings that we make from time to time with the SEC. In addition, any forward-looking statements contained in this press release are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons if actual results differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Other Key Metrics To supplement our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP, we use certain non-GAAP financial measures, as described below, to understand and evaluate our core operating performance. These non-GAAP financial measures, which may be different than similarly-titled measures used by other companies, are presented to enhance investors’ overall…