Exhibit 99.1 Zoom Reports Financial Results for the Third Quarter of Fiscal Year 2022 • Third quarter total revenue of $1,050.8 million, up 35% year over year • Number of customers contributing more than $100,000 in TTM revenue up 94% year over year • Third quarter GAAP operating margin of 27.7% and non-GAAP operating margin of 39.1% SAN JOSE, California – November 22, 2021 – Zoom Video Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ: ZM) today announced financial results for the third fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2021. “In Q3, we held our premier user event, Zoomtopia, on our Zoom Events service. During this immersive, multi-track conference, we showcased how Zoom is placing people at the center of our communications platform, connecting their disparate work streams into our technology, moving beyond enterprises’ ability to collaborate internally, and empowering them to communicate face-to-face with their customers through Zoom Events and our upcoming Video Engagement Center. We also showcased innovations such as hot desking, whiteboarding, and smart gallery, all designed to empower both co-located and remote hybrid workforces as some companies test return to office programs,” said Zoom founder and CEO, Eric S. Yuan. “Through innovation and dedication, we will continue to deliver happiness to our customers. Looking forward, we expect to close the year between $4.079 to $4.081 billion in total revenue, representing approximately 54% year-over-year growth, alongside strong profitability and operating cash flow growth. We are well on our way to becoming an indispensable platform for enterprises, individuals, and developers to connect, collaborate, and build in the flexible hybrid world of work. We believe our global brand, innovative technologies, and large customer base position us well for the future.” Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Financial Highlights: • Revenue: Total revenue for the third quarter was $1,050.8 million, up 35% year over year. • Income from Operations and Operating Margin: GAAP income from operations for the third quarter was $290.9 million, up from $192.2 million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2021. After adjusting for stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes, and acquisition-related expenses, non-GAAP income from operations for the third quarter was $411.3 million, up from $290.8 million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2021. For the third quarter, GAAP operating margin was 27.7% and non-GAAP operating margin was 39.1%. • Net Income and Diluted Net Income Per Share: GAAP net income attributable to common stockholders for the third quarter was $340.3 million, or $1.11 per share, up from $198.4 million, or $0.66 per share in the third quarter of fiscal year 2021. Non-GAAP net income for the third quarter was $338.4 million, after adjusting for stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes, acquisition-related expenses, gains on strategic investments, net, and undistributed earnings attributable to participating securities. Non-GAAP net income per share was $1.11. In the third quarter of fiscal year 2021, non-GAAP net income was $297.2 million, or $0.99 per share. • Cash and Marketable Securities: Total cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, excluding restricted cash, as of October 31, 2021 was $5.4 billion. • Cash Flow: Net cash provided by operating activities was $394.6 million for the third quarter, compared to $411.5 million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2021. Free cash flow, which is net cash provided by operating activities less purchases of property and equipment, was $374.8 million, compared to $388.2 million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2021. Customer Metrics: Drivers of total revenue included acquiring new customers and expanding across existing customers. At the end of the third quarter of fiscal year 2022, Zoom had: • 2,507 customers contributing more than $100,000 in trailing 12 months revenue, up approximately 94% from the same quarter last fiscal year. • Approximately 512,100 customers with more than 10 employees, up approximately 18% from the same quarter last fiscal year. • A trailing 12-month net dollar expansion rate in customers with more than 10 employees above 130% for the 14th consecutive quarter. Financial Outlook: Zoom is providing the following guidance for its fourth quarter fiscal year 2022 and its full fiscal year 2022. • Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2022: Total revenue is expected to be between $1.051 billion and $1.053 billion and non-GAAP income from operations is expected to be between $361.0 million and $363.0 million. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be between $1.06 and $1.07 with approximately 307 million non-GAAP weighted average shares outstanding. • Full Fiscal Year 2022: Total revenue is expected to be between $4.079 billion and $4.081 billion. Non-GAAP income from operations is expected to be between $1.598 billion and $1.600 billion. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be between $4.84 and $4.85 with approximately 306 million non-GAAP weighted average shares outstanding. Additional information on Zoom's reported results, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP results to their most comparable GAAP measures, is included in the financial tables below. A reconciliation of non-GAAP guidance measures to corresponding GAAP measures is not available on a forward-looking basis without unreasonable effort due to the uncertainty of expenses that may be incurred in the future, although it is important to note that these factors could be material to Zoom's results computed in accordance with GAAP. A supplemental financial presentation and other information can be accessed through Zoom’s investor relations website at investors.zoom.us. Zoom Video Earnings Call Zoom will host a Zoom Video Webinar for investors on November 22, 2021 at 2:00 p.m. Pacific Time / 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time to discuss the company’s financial results, outlook and business highlights. Investors are invited to join the Zoom Video Webinar by visiting: https://investors.zoom.us/ About Zoom Zoom is for you. We help you express ideas, connect to others, and build toward a future limited only by your imagination. Our frictionless communications platform is the only one that started with video as its foundation, and we have set the standard for innovation ever since. That is why we are an intuitive, scalable, and secure choice for large enterprises, small businesses, and individuals alike. Founded in 2011, Zoom is publicly traded (NASDAQ:ZM) and headquartered in San Jose, California. Visit zoom.com and follow @zoom. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains express and implied “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding our financial outlook for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022 and full fiscal year 2022, Zoom’s market position, and Zoom’s growth strategy and business aspirations to become an indispensable platform for individuals, enterprises, and developers to connect, collaborate and build in the hybrid world. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “might,” “plan,” “project,” “will,” “would,” “should,” “could,” “can,” “predict,” “potential,” “target,” “explore,” “continue,” or the negative of these terms, and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. By their nature, these statements are subject to numerous uncertainties and risks, including factors beyond our control, that could cause actual results, performance or achievement to differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the statements, including: declines in new customers and hosts, renewals or upgrades, difficulties in evaluating our prospects and future results of operations given our limited operating history, competition from other providers of communications platforms, continued uncertainty regarding the extent and duration of the impact of COVID-19 and the responses of government and private industry thereto, including the potential effect on our user growth rate once the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic tapers, particularly as vaccines become widely available and distributed, and users return to work or school or are otherwise no longer subject to limitations on in-person meetings, as well as the impact of COVID-19 on the overall economic environment, any or all of which will have an impact on demand for remote work solutions for businesses as well as overall distributed, face-to-face interactions and collaboration using Zoom, delays or outages in services from our co-located data centers, and failures in internet infrastructure or interference with broadband access which could cause current or potential users to believe that our systems are unreliable. Additional risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements are included under the caption “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in our most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), including our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended July 31, 2021. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date the statements are made and are based on information available to Zoom at the time those statements are made and/or management's good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events. Zoom assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made, except as required by law. Non-GAAP Financial Measures Zoom has provided in this press release financial information that has not been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (“GAAP”). Zoom uses these non-GAAP financial measures internally in analyzing its financial results and believes that use of these non-GAAP financial measures is useful to investors as an additional tool to evaluate ongoing operating results and trends and in comparing Zoom’s financial results with other companies in its industry, many of which present similar non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP financial measures and should be read only in conjunction with Zoom’s condensed consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of Zoom’s historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures has been provided in the financial statement tables included in this press release, and investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation. Non-GAAP Income From Operations and Non-GAAP Operating Margins. Zoom defines non-GAAP income from operations as income from operations excluding stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes, expenses related to charitable donation of common stock, acquisition-related expenses, and litigation settlements, net. Zoom excludes stock-based compensation expense and expenses related to charitable donation of common stock because they are non-cash in nature and excluding these expenses provides meaningful supplemental information regarding Zoom’s operational performance and allows investors the ability to make more meaningful comparisons between Zoom’s operating results and those of other companies. Zoom excludes the amount of employer payroll taxes related to employee stock plans, which is a cash expense, in order for investors to see the full effect that excluding stock-based compensation expense had on Zoom's operating results. In particular, this expense is dependent on the price of our common stock and other factors that are beyond our control and do not correlate to the operation of the business. Zoom views acquisition-related expenses when applicable, such as…