8-K 1 mellanoxform8-k.htm 8-K Document UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, DC 20549 ______________ FORM 8-K ______________ CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 10, 2019 NVIDIA CORPORATION (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 0-23985 94-3177549 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 2788 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara, CA (Address of principal executive offices) 95051 (Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (408) 486-2000 Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below): [ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [X] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging Growth Company o If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. Agreement and Plan of Merger On March 10, 2019, NVIDIA Corporation, a Delaware corporation (“NVIDIA” or the “Company”) entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”) with NVIDIA International Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of NVIDIA (“Parent”), Mellanox Technologies Ltd., a company organized under the laws of the State of Israel (“Mellanox”), and Teal Barvaz Ltd., a company organized under the laws of the State of Israel and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (“Merger Sub”). The Merger Agreement and the Merger (as defined below) have been approved by the boards of directors of the Company, Parent, Mellanox and Merger Sub. Structure. The Merger Agreement provides that, upon the terms and subject to the satisfaction or valid waiver of the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into Mellanox (the “Merger”), with Mellanox continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent. Consideration. At the effective time of the Merger (the “Effective Time”), each ordinary share, par value NIS 0.0175 per share, of Mellanox (a “Mellanox Ordinary Share”) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than Mellanox Ordinary Shares held by Mellanox, any direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Mellanox, Parent, Merger Sub or any of their respective subsidiaries or held in Mellanox’s treasury) will be deemed to have been transferred to Parent in exchange for the right to receive $125.00 in cash (the “Per Share Merger Consideration”), without interest and subject to applicable tax withholding. Effect on Mellanox Equity Awards. At the Effective Time: • each option to purchase Mellanox Ordinary Shares (a “Mellanox Option”) that is outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to the Effective Time, whether or not vested, will be cancelled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to the product of the number of shares of Mellanox Ordinary Shares subject to such Mellanox Option, and the excess, if any, of the Per Share Merger Consideration over the per share exercise price under such Mellanox Option; • each Mellanox restricted share unit award (a “Mellanox RSU”) that is outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and either (i) has fully vested immediately prior to the Effective Time but has not yet been settled in Mellanox Ordinary Shares or (ii) is held by a non-employee director of Mellanox, whether or not vested (each, a “Cashed-Out Mellanox RSU”), will be cancelled and converted into the right of the holder to receive an amount in cash equal to the product of the number of shares of Mellanox Ordinary Shares subject to such Mellanox RSU and the Per Share Merger Consideration; • each Mellanox RSU that is outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and is not a Cashed-Out Mellanox RSU (each, an “Assumed RSU”), will be assumed by NVIDIA and converted into an NVIDIA restricted stock unit having substantially the same terms and conditions as the Assumed RSU, including vesting schedule and payment timing, but entitling the holder to a number of NVIDIA common shares equal to the product of the number of Mellanox Ordinary Shares that were issuable with respect to the Assumed RSU immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied by a fraction (such ratio, the “Exchange Ratio”), the numerator of which is the Per Share Merger Consideration and the denominator of which is the volume weighted average price for a common share of NVIDIA on NASDAQ, calculated based on the ten consecutive trading days ending on the third complete trading day prior to (and excluding) the closing date of the Merger; and • the number of shares subject to each Mellanox performance share unit award (a “Mellanox PSU”) that is outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will be determined by the board of directors of Mellanox, as reasonably agreed to by Parent, as the greater of (i) the target number of Mellanox PSUs set forth in the applicable grant notice and (ii) a number of shares determined based on Mellanox’s actual achievement of the applicable performance goals as of the date of the closing of the Merger (such final amount, the “Performance Satisfied PSUs”). The Performance Satisfied PSUs will be assumed by NVIDIA and converted into an NVIDIA restricted stock unit having substantially the same terms and conditions as the Mellanox PSU, other than the performance goals, but entitling the holder to a number of NVIDIA common shares equal to the product of the number of Mellanox Ordinary Shares that were issuable with respect to the Performance Satisfied PSUs multiplied by the Exchange Ratio. Covenants, Representations and Warranties . Each of Parent, Mellanox and Merger Sub have made customary representations, warranties and covenants in the Merger Agreement. Mellanox has made covenants, among others, relating to the conduct of its business prior to the closing of the Merger, including with respect to making acquisitions or conducting divestitures, incurring debt, capital expenditures, litigation matters and restrictions on employee compensation. Parent and Mellanox made certain other customary covenants, including, among others and subject to certain exceptions, in the case of Parent, to provide continuing employees with salaries, wages, incentives and benefits that are no less favorable than the benefits package provided to such employees prior to the Effective Time. The Merger Agreement contains customary non-solicitation restrictions prohibiting Mellanox, its subsidiaries and their representatives from soliciting alternative acquisition proposals from third parties or providing information to or participating in discussions or negotiations with third parties regarding alternative acquisition proposals, subject to customary exceptions relating to proposals that would reasonably be expected to lead to a superior proposal (as described in the Merger Agreement). Each of NVIDIA and Mellanox have agreed in the Merger Agreement to use their reasonable best efforts to obtain all required governmental and regulatory consents and approvals; provided, however , that, other than certain stipulated actions, NVIDIA is not required to make any divestiture or accept any behavioral remedy (a) that would reasonably be anticipated to have a material adverse impact on the business of Mellanox and its subsidiaries taken as a whole following the Merger, (b) with respect to Mellanox’s technology that is core to the benefits that NVIDIA expects to receive from the Merger, and include InfiniBand and RDMA technology, or (c) with respect to the assets, properties or business of NVIDIA (other than, after the Effective Time, Mellanox and its subsidiaries). NVIDIA has agreed to guarantee the obligations of Parent and Merger Sub under the Merger Agreement. In connection with such guarantee, NVIDIA has made representations and warranties that are customary for a guarantor. Conditions to Merger . The closing of the Merger is subject to certain conditions, including, among others, (a) approval of the Merger Agreement and the Merger by at least a majority of all of the outstanding voting power of Mellanox, (b) the absence of laws, orders, decrees, judgments and injunctions by any governmental authority of competent jurisdiction restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the Merger, (c) expiration or termination of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvement Act of 1976, as amended, (d) receipt of any applicable clearance or affirmative approval by the Anti-Monopoly Bureau of the State Administration for Market Regulation in the People’s Republic of China and expiration of any mandatory waiting period related thereto, (e) receipt of specified governmental and regulatory consents and approvals and expiration of any mandatory waiting period related thereto, (f) the passage of certain statutory waiting periods following the filing of the merger proposal with the Companies Registrar of the Israeli Corporations Authority, (g) subject to certain exceptions, the accuracy of representations and warranties with respect to Mellanox, Parent and Merger Sub, and (h) compliance in all material respects by Mellanox, Parent and Merger Sub with their respective covenants contained in the Merger Agreement. Consummation of the Merger is not subject to a financing condition. Termination Rights . The Merger Agreement contains certain termination rights by either Parent or Mellanox, including if the Merger is not consummated by December 10, 2019, which date may be extended by three months on two separate occasions if, on the applicable date, the only conditions to the closing of the Merger (other than those that by their nature cannot be satisfied until the closing) relate to required regulatory approvals. If the Merger Agreement is terminated under certain circumstances, including termination by Mellanox to enter into an agreement for a superior proposal, Mellanox will be obligated to pay Parent a termination fee equal to $225 million in cash. If the Merger Agreement is terminated under certain circumstances involving the failure to obtain required regulatory approvals, Parent will be obligated to pay Mellanox a termination fee equal to $350 million in cash. The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 hereto, and is incorporated into this report by reference. The Merger Agreement has been included to provide investors with information regarding its terms. It is not intended to provide any other factual information about Parent or Mellanox. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Merger Agreement were made only for purposes of the Merger Agreement as of the specific dates therein, were solely for the benefit of the parties to the Merger Agreement, may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties, including being qualified by confidential disclosures made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties to the Merger Agreement instead of establishing these matters as facts, and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties that differ from those applicable to investors. Investors are not third-party beneficiaries under the Merger Agreement and should not rely on the representations, warranties and covenants or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of the parties thereto or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of representations and warranties may change after the date of the Merger Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in NVIDIA’s public disclosures. Voting Agreement In connection with the Merger Agreement, the Chief Executive Officer of Mellanox and his affiliated entity entered into a Voting Agreement, dated March 10, 2019 (the “Voting Agreement”), with Parent, pursuant to which the Chief Executive Officer of Mellanox has agreed, among other things, to vote his beneficially owned shares or other voting securities of Mellanox in favor of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions contained therein. The foregoing description of the Voting Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Voting Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto, and is incorporated into this report by reference. Item 8.01 Other Events. On March 11, 2019, NVIDIA and Mellanox issued a joint press release relating to the entry into the Merger Agreement. A copy of the joint press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference. On March 11, 2019, NVIDIA published an investor presentation concerning the announcement of the Merger, a copy of which is furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.2. The script used in conjunction with that presentation is furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.3. On March 11, 2019, NVIDIA published a list of frequently asked questions concerning the announcement to the Merger, a copy of which is furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.4. On March 11, 2019, NVIDIA sent a communication to customers of NVIDIA concerning the announcement of the Merger, a copy of which is furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.5. * * * Additional Information and Where to Find It This communication is being made in respect of the proposed transaction. Mellanox intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and mail or otherwise provide to its shareholders a proxy statement in connection with the proposed transaction with NVIDIA (the “proxy statement”), and each party will file other documents regarding the proposed transaction with the SEC. The definitive proxy statement will be sent or given to the shareholders of Mellanox and will contain important information about the proposed transaction and related matters. This communication is not a substitute for the proxy statement or any other document that may be filed by Mellanox with the SEC. Investors and security holders are urged to read the proxy statement in its entirety and other relevant documents filed with the SEC in connection with the proposed transaction or incorporated by reference therein when they become available before making any voting or investment decision with respect to the proposed transaction because they will contain important information about the proposed transaction and the parties to the proposed transaction. You may obtain copies of all documents filed with the SEC regarding this transaction, free of charge, at the SEC’s website (www.sec.gov). In addition, investors and shareholders will be able to obtain free copies of the proxy statement and other documents filed with the SEC by NVIDIA on NVIDIA’s Investor Relations website (https://investor.nvidia.com/) or by writing to NVIDIA, Investor Relations, 2788 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara, CA 95051 (for documents filed with the SEC by NVIDIA), or by Mellanox on Mellanox’s Investor Relations website (ir.mellanox.com) or by writing to Mellanox, Hakidma 26 Ofer Industrial Park Yokneam Israel, 2069200, IR@mellanox.com (for documents filed with the SEC by Mellanox). Participants in the Solicitation NVIDIA, Mellanox and certain of their respective directors, executive officers, other members of management and employees and agents retained, may, under SEC rules, be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in connection with the proposed transaction. Information regarding the persons who may, under SEC rules, be deemed participants in the solicitation of Mellanox shareholders in connection with the proposed transaction will be set forth in the proxy statement when it is filed with the SEC. You can find more detailed information about NVIDIA’s executive officers and directors in its definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC on April 6, 2018. You can find more detailed information about Mellanox’s executive officers and directors in its annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 21, 2019. To the extent holdings of securities by each company’s directors or executive officers have changed since the amounts disclosed in each company’s respective proxy statement, such changes have been or will be reflected on Statements of Change in Ownership on Form 4 filed with the SEC. Additional information regarding these persons and their interests in the proposed transaction will be included in the proxy statement relating to the proposed transaction when it is filed with the SEC. These documents, when available, can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above. Safe Harbor for Forward-looking Statements All statements included or incorporated by reference in this communication, other than statements or characterizations of historical fact, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements are based on NVIDIA’s current expectations, estimates and projections about its business and industry, management’s beliefs, and certain assumptions made by NVIDIA and Mellanox, all of which are subject to change. Forward-looking statements can often be identified by words such as “anticipates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “predicts,” “believes,” “seeks,” “goals,” “likely,” “might,” “project,” “target,” “estimates,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “would,” “could,” “potential,” “continue,” “ongoing,” or similar expressions, and variations or negatives of these words. Certain statements in this press release including, but not limited to, statements as to the proposed transaction and acquisition of Mellanox by NVIDIA, including statements regarding the benefits of the transaction and what the combined companies will offer, the timing, price and closing conditions of the transaction; and statements regarding the companies’ products and markets are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause results to be materially different than expectations. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and are not guarantees of future results. Many factors could cause actual future events to differ materially from the forward looking statements in this document, including the following, among others: the risk that the transaction may not be completed in a timely manner or at all, which may adversely affect the companies’ business and the price of its stock; uncertainties as to the timing of the consummation of the transaction and the failure to satisfy the conditions to the consummation of the transaction, including the receipt of certain governmental and regulatory approvals; the potential for regulatory authorities to require divestitures, behavioral remedies or other concessions in order to obtain their approval of the proposed transaction; the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the merger agreement; the effect of the announcement or pendency of the transaction on NVIDIA’s business relationships, operating results, and business generally; delays, disruptions or increased costs in the integration of Mellanox’s technology in existing or new products; Mellanox shareholders may not approve the transaction; expected benefits and other financial benefits of the transaction may not be realized; integration of the acquisition post-closing, and the combined companies’ ability to achieve the growth prospects and synergies expected from the transaction, may not occur as anticipated, and there may be delays, challenges and expenses associated with integrating the combined companies’ existing businesses; litigation related to the transaction or otherwise or limitations or restrictions imposed by regulatory authorities may delay or negatively impact the transaction; unanticipated restructuring costs may be incurred or undisclosed liabilities assumed; attempts to retain key personnel and customers may not succeed; risks related to diverting management’s attention from NVIDIA’s ongoing business operations; the business combination or the combined company’s products may not be supported by third parties; actions by competitors may negatively impact results; potential adverse reactions or changes to business relationships resulting from the announcement or completion of the transaction; there may be negative changes in general economic conditions in the regions or the industries in which NVIDIA and Mellanox operate; and other risks described in NVIDIA’s and Mellanox’s filings with the SEC. In addition, please refer to the documents that NVIDIA and Mellanox file with the SEC on Forms 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K. These filings identify and address other important risks and uncertainties that could cause events and results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements set forth in this document. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future events performance and speak only as of the date hereof, and, except as required by law, NVIDIA and Mellanox disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances. In addition, actual results are subject to other risks and uncertainties that relate more broadly to NVIDIA’s overall business, including those more fully described in NVIDIA’s filings with the SEC including its annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 27, 2019, and Mellanox’s overall business and financial condition, including those more fully described in Mellanox’s filings with the SEC including its annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018. The foregoing review of important factors that could cause actual events to differ from expectations should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with statements that are included herein and NVIDIA’s filings with the SEC. Except as required by applicable law, NVIDIA does not undertake any obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statement, or to make any other forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. NVIDIA can give no assurance that the conditions to the transaction will be satisfied. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits Exhibit Number Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated March 10, 2019, by and among NVIDIA Corporation, NVIDIA International Holdings Inc., Mellanox Technologies Ltd., and Teal Barvaz Ltd.* 10.1 Voting Agreement, dated March 10, 2019, by and between Eyal Waldman and NVIDIA International Holdings Inc. 99.1 Joint Press Release of NVIDIA and Mellanox, dated March 11, 2019 99.2 Investor Presentation, published by NVIDIA Corporation on March 11, 2019 99.3 Investor Conference Call Script, dated March 11, 2019 99.4 Frequently Asked Questions, published by NVIDIA Corporation on March 11, 2019 99.5 Customer Communication, dated March 11, 2019 * Certain exhibits and schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K, and NVIDIA agrees to furnish supplementally to the SEC a copy of any omitted exhibits or schedules upon request of the SEC. SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. NVIDIA Corporation Date: March 11, 2019 By: /s/ Colette M. Kress Colette M. Kress Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

EX-99.1 4 ex991jointpr.htm EXHIBIT 99.1 Exhibit NVIDIA to Acquire Mellanox for $6.9 Billion • Unites leaders in processing and interconnect for the high performance computing market • Builds on the companies’ long history of collaboration and joint innovation • Expected to be accretive to NVIDIA’s non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP EPS and free cash flow immediately after close SANTA CLARA, Calif., and YOKNEAM, Israel-March 11, 2019- NVIDIA and Mellanox today announced that the companies have reached a definitive agreement under which NVIDIA will acquire Mellanox. Pursuant to the agreement, NVIDIA will acquire all of the issued and outstanding common shares of Mellanox for $125 per share in cash, representing a total enterprise value of approximately $6.9 billion. Once complete, the combination is expected to be immediately accretive to NVIDIA’s non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP earnings per share and free cash flow. The acquisition will unite two of the world’s leading companies in high performance computing (HPC). Together, NVIDIA’s computing platform and Mellanox’s interconnects power over 250 of the world’s TOP500 supercomputers and have as customers every major cloud service provider and computer maker. The data and compute intensity of modern workloads in AI, scientific computing and data analytics is growing exponentially and has put enormous performance demands on hyperscale and enterprise datacenters. While computing demand is surging, CPU performance advances are slowing as Moore’s law has ended. This has led to the adoption of accelerated computing with NVIDIA GPUs and Mellanox’s intelligent networking solutions. Datacenters in the future will be architected as giant compute engines with tens of thousands of compute nodes, designed holistically with their interconnects for optimal performance. An early innovator in high-performance interconnect technology, Mellanox pioneered the InfiniBand interconnect technology, which along with its high-speed Ethernet products is now used in over half of the world’s fastest supercomputers and in many leading hyperscale datacenters. With Mellanox, NVIDIA will optimize datacenter-scale workloads across the entire computing, networking and storage stack to achieve higher performance, greater utilization and lower operating cost for customers. “The emergence of AI and data science, as well as billions of simultaneous computer users, is fueling skyrocketing demand on the world’s datacenters,” said Jensen Huang, founder and CEO of NVIDIA. “Addressing this demand will require holistic architectures that connect vast numbers of fast computing nodes over intelligent networking fabrics to form a giant datacenter-scale compute engine. “We’re excited to unite NVIDIA’s accelerated computing platform with Mellanox’s world-renowned accelerated networking platform under one roof to create next-generation datacenter-scale computing solutions. I am particularly thrilled to work closely with the visionary leaders of Mellanox and their amazing people to invent the computers of tomorrow.” “We share the same vision for accelerated computing as NVIDIA,” said Eyal Waldman, founder and CEO of Mellanox. “Combining our two companies comes as a natural extension of our longstanding partnership and is a great fit given our common performance-driven cultures. This combination will foster the creation of powerful technology and fantastic opportunities for our people.” The companies have a long history of collaboration and joint innovation, reflected in their recent contributions in building the world’s two fastest supercomputers, Sierra and Summit, operated by the U.S. Department of Energy. Many of the world’s top cloud service providers also use both NVIDIA GPUs and Mellanox interconnects. NVIDIA and Mellanox share a common performance-centric culture that will enable seamless integration. Once the combination is complete, NVIDIA intends to continue investing in local excellence and talent in Israel, one of the world’s most important technology centers. Customer sales and support will not change as a result of this transaction. Additional Transaction Details Post close, the transaction is expected to be immediately accretive to NVIDIA’s non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP earnings per share and free cash flow. NVIDIA intends to fund the acquisition through cash on its balance sheet. In addition, there is no change to its previously announced capital return program for the rest of fiscal 2020. The transaction has been approved by both companies’ boards of directors and is expected to close by the end of calendar year 2019, subject to regulatory approvals as well as other customary closing conditions, including the approval by Mellanox shareholders of the merger agreement. Advisors Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC served as exclusive financial advisor to NVIDIA and Jones Day served as legal advisor. Credit Suisse Group and J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. served as financial advisors to Mellanox and Latham & Watkins, LLP and Herzog Fox & Neeman served as legal advisors. Conference Call and Webcast Details NVIDIA will conduct a webcast at 5:30 a.m. PT today to discuss the transaction. The webcast and a copy of the presentation materials can be found on NVIDIA’s Investor Relations website at investor.nvidia.com. A webcast replay and a copy of the webcast presentation materials will also be available at investor.nvidia.com. About Mellanox Mellanox (NASDAQ: MLNX) is a leading supplier of end-to-end Ethernet and InfiniBand smart interconnect solutions and services for servers and storage. Mellanox interconnect solutions increase datacenter efficiency by providing the highest throughput and lowest latency, delivering data faster to applications and unlocking system performance capability. Mellanox offers a choice of fast interconnect products: adapters, switches, software and silicon that accelerate application runtime and maximize business results for a wide range of markets including high performance computing, enterprise datacenters, Web 2.0, cloud, storage and financial services. More information is available at http://www.mellanox.com/. About NVIDIA NVIDIA’s (NASDAQ: NVDA) invention of the GPU in 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined modern computer graphics and revolutionized parallel computing. More recently, GPU deep learning ignited modern AI - the next era of computing - with the GPU acting as the brain of computers, robots and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. More information at http://nvidianews.nvidia.com/. ### For further information, contact: Bob Sherbin Simona Jankowski NVIDIA NVIDIA Corporate Communications Investor Relations rsherbin@nvidia.com sjankowski@nvidia.com Ash Spiegelberg / Mylene Mangalindan Brunswick Group +1-415-671-7676 NVIDIA@brunswickgroup.com Kevin Deierling Mellanox Vice President of Marketing kevind@mellanox.com Forward-Looking Statements All statements included or incorporated by reference in this communication, other than statements or characterizations of historical fact, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements are based on NVIDIA’s current expectations, estimates and projections about its business and industry, management’s beliefs, and certain assumptions made by NVIDIA and Mellanox, all of which are subject to change. Forward-looking statements can often be identified by words such as “anticipates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “predicts,” “believes,” “seeks,” “goals,” “likely,” “might,” “project,” “target,” “estimates,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “would,” “could,” “potential,” “continue,” “ongoing,” or similar expressions, and variations or negatives of these words. Certain statements in this press release including, but not limited to, statements as to the proposed transaction and acquisition of Mellanox by NVIDIA, including statements regarding the benefits of the transaction and what the combined companies will offer, the timing, price and closing conditions of the transaction; statements regarding the companies’ products and markets; the transaction uniting two of the world’s leading companies in high performance computing; data and compute intensity of modern workloads growing exponentially; CPU performance advances slowing, while computing demand is surging; the adoption of accelerated computing with GPUs and accelerated networking; datacenters being architected as giant compute engines with millions of compute nodes and the performance and interconnections therein; NVIDIA optimizing performance at the datacenter scale and Mellanox’s technology enabling this to happen; the transaction resulting in higher performance datacenters that will provide greater utilization and lower operating costs to customers; AI, data science and computer users fueling skyrocketing demands on the world’s datacenters; holistic architectures that connect fast computing nodes solving the demand issue for datacenters; the combined companies’ offerings, including technology for the next-generation datacenters and working with the leaders of Mellanox to invent the computers of tomorrow; combining the companies being a natural extension of their partnership and being a great fit; the combination enabling the creation of powerful technology and fantastic opportunities; the benefits of the companies’ common culture and it enabling a seamless integration; the world’s top cloud service providers using the companies’ products; NVIDIA continuing to invest in Israel; Israel being one of the world’s most important markets for innovation; customer and sales support not changing as a result of the transaction; the expectation that the transaction will be accretive; NVIDIA’s intention to fund the transaction through cash on its balance sheet; and NVIDIA’s continuation of its capital return program are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause results to be materially different than expectations. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and are not guarantees of future results. Many factors could cause actual future events to differ materially from the forward-looking statements in this document, including the following, among others: the risk that the transaction may not be completed in a timely manner or at all, which may adversely affect the companies’ business and the price of its stock; uncertainties as to the timing of the consummation of the transaction and the failure to satisfy the conditions to the consummation of the transaction, including the receipt of certain governmental and regulatory approvals; the potential for regulatory authorities to require divestitures, behavioral remedies or other concessions in order to obtain their approval of the proposed transaction; the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the merger agreement; the effect of the announcement or pendency of the transaction on NVIDIA’s business relationships, operating results, and business generally; delays, disruptions or increased costs in the integration of Mellanox’s technology in existing or new products; Mellanox shareholders may not approve the transaction; expected benefits and other financial benefits of the transaction may not be realized; integration of the acquisition post-closing may not occur as anticipated, and the combined companies’ ability to achieve the growth prospects and synergies expected from the transaction, as well as delays, challenges and expenses associated with integrating the combined companies’ existing businesses may incur; litigation related to the transaction or otherwise or limitations or restrictions imposed by regulatory authorities may delay or negatively impact the transaction; unanticipated restructuring costs may be incurred or undisclosed liabilities assumed; attempts to retain key personnel and customers may not succeed; risks related to diverting management’s attention from NVIDIA’s ongoing business operations; the business combination or the combined company’s products may not be supported by third parties; actions by competitors may negatively impact results; potential adverse reactions or changes to business relationships resulting from the announcement or completion of the transaction; there may be negative changes in general economic conditions in the regions or the industries in which NVIDIA and Mellanox operate; and other risks described in NVIDIA’s and Mellanox’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). In addition, please refer to the documents that NVIDIA and Mellanox file with the SEC on Forms 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K. These filings identify and address other important risks and uncertainties that could cause events and results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements set forth in this document. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future events performance and speak only as of the date hereof, and, except as required by law, NVIDIA and Mellanox disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances. In addition, actual results are subject to other risks and uncertainties that relate more broadly to NVIDIA’s overall business, including those more fully described in NVIDIA’s filings with the SEC, including its annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 27, 2019, and Mellanox’s overall business and financial condition, including those more fully described in Mellanox’s filings with the SEC, including its annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018. The foregoing review of important factors that could cause actual events to differ from expectations should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with statements that are included herein and NVIDIA’s filings with the SEC. Except as required by applicable law, NVIDIA does not undertake any obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statement, or to make any other forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. NVIDIA can give no assurance that the conditions to the transaction will be satisfied. Additional Information and Where to Find It This communication is being made in respect of the proposed transaction. Mellanox intends to file with the SEC and mail or otherwise provide to its shareholders a proxy statement in connection with the proposed transaction with NVIDIA (the “proxy statement”), and each party will file other documents regarding the proposed transaction with the SEC. The definitive proxy statement will be sent or given to the shareholders of Mellanox and will contain important information about the proposed transaction and related matters. This communication is not a substitute for the proxy statement or any other document that may be filed by Mellanox with the SEC. Investors and security holders are urged to read the proxy statement in its entirety and other relevant documents filed with the SEC in connection with the proposed transaction or incorporated by reference therein when they become available before making any voting or investment decision with respect to the proposed transaction because they will contain important information about the proposed transaction and the parties to the proposed transaction. You may obtain copies of all documents filed with the SEC regarding this transaction, free of charge, at the SEC’s website (www.sec.gov). In addition, investors and shareholders will be able to obtain free copies of the proxy statement and other documents filed with the SEC by NVIDIA on NVIDIA’s Investor Relations website (https://investor.nvidia.com/) or by writing to NVIDIA, Investor Relations, 2788 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara, CA 95051 (for documents filed with the SEC by NVIDIA), or by Mellanox on Mellanox’s Investor Relations website (ir.mellanox.com) or by writing to Mellanox, Investor Relations, Hakidma 26 Ofer Industrial Park Yokneam Israel, 2069200, IR@mellanox.com (for documents filed with the SEC by Mellanox). Participants in the Solicitation NVIDIA, Mellanox and certain of their respective directors, executive officers, other members of management and employees and agents retained, may, under SEC rules, be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in connection with the proposed transaction. Information regarding the persons who may, under SEC rules, be deemed participants in the solicitation of Mellanox shareholders in connection with the proposed transaction will be set forth in the proxy statement when it is filed with the SEC. You can find more detailed information about NVIDIA’s executive officers and directors in its definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC on April 6, 2018. You can find more detailed information about Mellanox’s executive officers and directors in its annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 21, 2019. To the extent holdings of securities by each company’s directors or executive officers have changed since the amounts disclosed in each company’s respective proxy statement, such changes have been or will be reflected on Statements of Change in Ownership on Form 4 filed with the SEC. Additional information regarding these persons and their interests in the proposed transaction will be included in the proxy statement relating to the proposed transaction when it is filed with the SEC. These documents, when available, can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above. © 2019 NVIDIA Corporation. All rights reserved. NVIDIA and the NVIDIA logo are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of NVIDIA Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Other company and product names may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated. Features, pricing, availability, and specifications are subject to change without notice.

EX-99.3 6 ex993investorconferencecal.htm EXHIBIT 99.3 Exhibit Operator : Good morning. My name is Misty and I will be your conference operator today. Welcome to the NVIDIA to Acquire Mellanox Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at this time. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Simona Jankowski, Vice President of Investor Relations at NVIDIA. Please go ahead. ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Simona Jankowski : Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and good afternoon to those in Israel. With me on the call today from NVIDIA are Jensen Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer; Colette Kress, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We're also joined by Eyal Waldman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Mellanox. I'd like to remind you that our call is being webcast live on NVIDIA's Investor Relations website. The webcast will be available for replay following this call. In addition, you can find a presentation on the proposed transaction as well as FAQs on the NVIDIA Investor Relations website. The content of today's call is NVIDIA's property. It can't be reproduced or transcribed without our prior written consent. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. These are subject to a number of significant risks and uncertainties, and our actual results may differ materially. For a discussion of factors that could affect the results and business, please refer to our most recent Forms 10-K and 10-Q and the reports that we may file on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All our statements are made as of today, March 11, 2019, based on information currently available to us. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such statement. With that, let me turn the call over to Jensen. ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Jen-Hsun Huang : Thanks, Simona, and thanks, everyone, for joining on short notice. Today, we're announcing our proposed acquisition of Mellanox for $6.9 billion. Mellanox is headquartered in Israel and is world renowned for its high-performance status datacenter interconnect technology. We have worked together for many years and have partnered to build many of the world's highest performance datacenter systems. We're combining two of the world's leading datacenter and high-performance computing technology companies today. Between us, we power over 250 of the world's top 500 super computers, and we name every major computer maker and cloud service provider as our customers. Let me tell you why this makes sense for NVIDIA and why I'm so excited about it. As you know, NVIDIA is focused on high-performance computing. Because of workloads such as artificial intelligence, scientific computing and data analytics, performance demands on hyperscale and enterprise datacenters are skyrocketing. From a computer architecture point of view, two dynamics are particularly important. First, CPU performance advancement is slowing just as computing demand is skyrocketing. As a result, accelerated computing and accelerated networking or otherwise known as CPU offloading is a fundamental path forward. Second, as data and compute-intensive workloads like AI and data analytics are growing exponentially, they require tens of thousands of server nodes working together. To support these new workloads, the computing nodes and the connecting fabric will form a datacenter-scale compute engine. Optimal design will translate directly to higher datacenter throughput and utilization and lower operating cost. To accelerate applications, NVIDIA optimizes across the entire application stack from architecture to chips, to systems, to algorithms. In the future, we want to optimize datacenter-scale workloads, again across the entire stack, from the compute node to networking, to storage. For this reason, Mellanox's system-to-system datacenter- scale interconnect technology is important to us. 1 We believe our platform will be stronger and deliver the best possible performance for datacenter customers by innovating across the computing networking and storage stacks. Beyond the significant product synergies, we're excited about the tremendous cultural fit with Mellanox. Like NVIDIA, they're a performance-driven culture with a focus on innovation. I look forward to working even more closely with their talented employees and visionary leaders to invent the future of computing. Great to have you on the call, Eyal. ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Eyal Waldman : Thank you, Jensen. I'm delighted too. The vision that Jensen has set out for accelerated computing is one that we fully share at Mellanox. The future of computing will benefit from holistic innovation across the entire technology stack from compute to networking, to storage. Combining our two companies is a natural extension of our existing partnership and a great fit given our common performance-driven cultures. We have built Mellanox based on technical excellence, innovation and staying nimble even as we've grown and NVIDIA is an excellent match for us. Combining our companies will be good for our customers who will benefit from accelerated innovation in high-performance computing, good for our partners who will benefit from optimized solutions across the entire computing and networking stack, and good for our employees who will have new growth opportunities and challenges. Let me now turn it over to Colette to give more details on the proposed transaction. Colette? ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Colette Kress : Thanks, Eyal. Today, we are announcing the acquisition of Mellanox for $125 per share in cash, implying a total enterprise value of $6.9 billion. We expect the acquisition to close by the end of calendar 2019, subject to regulatory approvals in various jurisdictions as well as approval by Mellanox shareholders. The transaction has been approved by both NVIDIA's and Mellanox's Board of Directors. In addition to the strategic rationale Jensen outlined, we believe this is also a financially compelling transaction. The deal is expected to be immediately accretive to non-GAAP gross margins, non-GAAP earnings per share, and free cash flow even before assuming any cost or revenue synergies. For those less familiar with the company, Mellanox generated approximately $1.1 billion in revenue in calendar 2018, up 26% from the prior year. Calendar 2018 GAAP gross margin was 64.3% and non-GAAP gross margin was 69.2%. GAAP operating income was $112 million and non-GAAP operating income was $270 million. Mellanox's customer base and channel partners have significant overlap with our own, and customers include large hyperscale and cloud service providers as well as many of the world's largest supercomputing centers; direct customers including many of the same large IT infrastructure OEMs that we partner with for our go-to- market. We believe that there will be opportunities to cross-sell and enhance our broader solution set over time given each company's technology assets and customer bases in high-performance computing, enterprise and hyperscale, but we are conservatively assuming no initial revenue synergies. We are also not modeling any cost synergies at this time. It is a very strategic deal and we highly value Mellanox employees. We will continue to invest to go after the large TAM we see for the combined company. Lastly, let me touch on capital allocation. We view the proposed acquisition to be a terrific use of our cash, not because it's immediately accretive from a financial perspective, but most importantly because it is a strong, strategic fit from a technology and cultural perspective. Further, this announcement does not change our capital return program for the year. Of the $3 billion we intend to return to shareholders by the end of fiscal 2020, we returned $700 million through share repurchases during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019. We still plan to return the remaining $2.3 billion to shareholders through the end of fiscal 2020 in the form of dividend and buybacks. We will now open the call for questions. Operator, would you please poll for questions? Thank you. 2 Operator : [Operator Instructions] And your first question is from C.J. Muse with Evercore. ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... C.J. Muse : ...question. I guess, Jensen, first question, can you talk a bit about the strategic rationale here particularly around which end markets you're looking to target? HPC is obviously the biggest potential, but would also love to hear, is public cloud the main focus here or is it more of offering a platform solution ala (DGX) into the enterprise? ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Jen-Hsun Huang : Yeah. C.J., that's a great question. The datacenter market today consists of high-performance computing or supercomputing which is the initial target of our company's CUDA architecture. It also includes hyperscale for internal consumption of Internet services, provisioning of Internet services, cloud service providers offering them as cloud infrastructure and then enterprise computing. These are really the major segments, if you will, from the way we look at datacenters. As you know, one of the most important drivers in the datacenter world today is a new type of workload that's emerged and it's a data-centric type of workload. It requires an enormous amount of data and a huge amount of computation to infer insight, to extract insight out of data. We call it artificial intelligence and machine learning and data analytics. This type of workload is just simply too big to fit on any one computer. And there's a couple of ways that you could solve that problem, but the dynamics are basically related to, on the first hand, CPU scaling has slowed. And so, without offloading the algorithm somehow and accelerating it using new accelerators like what we do with GPU computing and what Mellanox does with accelerated networking, it's really not possible to continue to scale computing as Moore's law ends. The second is because the data size and the compute size is so large, it won't fit on any one computer, and so thousands of computers have to be networked together to work together. The dynamic that is happening here is that, in the future, it won't just be server-scale computing that people do, but it will be datacenter-scale computing where the network becomes an extension of the computing fabric. You see early trends of that already, software- defined networks, intelligent networks. But long term, even some part of the computation will go into the network. And so where the compute node starts and ends and where the networking starts and ends as part of the overall computing fabric will be very difficult to discern. And we'd like to be able to - we want to take a lead in architecting and developing solutions that innovate across all of these stacks. Now, of course, the solutions will have to be open because everybody's datacenters are different, and everybody's a melt of supporting traditional software stacks or new software stacks like containers and Kubernetes are going to be a little bit different and datacenters will be heterogeneous for a very long time because of that. And so our ability with Mellanox to be able to support supercomputing networks from InfiniBand all the way to hyperscale datacenter networks with Ethernet and to be able to put acceleration and intelligence into the entire fabric is really, really powerful. And so I hope that answers your question, but basically we would like to accelerate growth into our datacenters by being able to architect across both the compute as well as the network fabric. ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... C.J. Muse : That's very helpful. If I could ask a quick follow-up, Colette, you talked about no cost synergies at this time. Are there any cost savings from the combination of two public companies, et cetera, that we should be thinking about? ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Colette Kress : Yeah, thanks for the follow-up question, C.J. As we discussed, this acquisition's certainly about driving accelerated growth and improving our position in the datacenter. Mellanox is well managed and it already has quite a lean organization. We have many areas of operational leverage that we can accelerate for both of our development plans as we move forward. And over the long term, we certainly see opportunities for operating leverage of bringing these two companies together. ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 3 C.J. Muse : Thank you. ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Operator : And your next question is from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo. ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Aaron Rakers : Congratulations on the transaction. One housekeeping item and then kind of one architectural question. First of all, Colette, just any color on, is there a breakup fee, the size of the breakup fee? Any details on that? And then on the architectural question, there's a lot of discussion around the role of InfiniBand in the context of HPC. And I understand what you just said around bringing intelligence into the networking. I'm interested, Jensen, how you see Mellanox's Ethernet switch business particularly playing into the portfolio given the traction that the company started to see over the last couple of quarters? Thank you. ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Colette Kress : So let me start first. We're going to concentrate over the rest of the calendar year to focus on closing this deal. We need regulatory approval in the U.S. and China and a couple other jurisdictions, but this time we think that's our right focus before closing. ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Jen-Hsun Huang : Yeah. So first of all, the easiest way to think about that is that I think the world of their Ethernet solutions and the reason for that and the reason why we - as you know, we work with them in high-performance computing datacenters all of the world - CSPs all over the world. We have our product called T4 which is about scale-out accelerated computing and wherever we do scale-out accelerated computing, scale-out meaning small number of GPU's accelerators inside a large number - inside each node and many nodes are being connected together, built a little bit differently than DGX, for example. DGX is a scale-up architecture. And so T4 was designed to be a universal accelerator for hyperscale datacenters and it's intended for scale-out. In those kind of environments, we work with Mellanox a lot and the reason for that is because of the software stack. It turns out that the best way to accelerate the datacenter is to offload the CPU to keep as little of the data movements from being copied around as possible. And so the software stack - the RDMA software stack and the RoCE software stack that Mellanox has created over the years and the body of work that they've developed in accelerating the networking stack is just world class. That's where you get the greatest value of extending the compute node and the networking fabric to become an extended computing fabric. You want to make sure that as much of the software is optimized as possible, they do this really fantastically throughout. Now, we're going to continue to work with switch companies all over the world, and the reason for that is of course datacenter is heterogeneous by nature, there are parts of the datacenter where certain partners are going to be particularly great at, Arista is great in the segments that they serve and Cisco continues to be incredibly valuable. And so we have to work together as an industry and our goal is to make sure that the computing fabric is as optimized as possible and Mellanox plays a really important role in that. And so I love all of their product lines and particularly I love their software stack, and their architecture which the software stack runs on is just extraordinary. ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Aaron Rakers : Very good. Thank you. ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Operator : And your next question is from Timothy Arcuri from UBS. ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Pradeep Ramani : Hi, gents. This is Pradeep Ramani calling for Timothy Arcuri. I think you just touched on the software stack aspect of it and that's exactly what we wanted more details on. So from a software perspective I guess, how much more work do you have to do in terms of closely integrating RDMA and RoCE with NVIDIA 4 products? And can you talk about the capabilities that you have in-house in terms of the software engineering capabilities to do that and kind of just the roadmap in general? ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Jen-Hsun Huang : Yeah. As you know, we do a lot of software inside the company even for networking, and the reason why we do it is because we do it for NVLink which is a processor-to-processor in-system interconnect, and Mellanox develops system-to-system interconnect. NVLink and Mellanox are complementary. And the reason why we work so closely together is because of the complementary nature of these two interconnects. And so we have a great deal of expertise in both companies in how to manage networking and how to optimize the networking stack for the highest throughput and the ability to connect the largest number of computers. And so both companies have fair - has a great deal of expertise in this area. The important thing is at the highest level, these are two - we are two of the world's leading high-performance computing technology companies. Between the two of us, we power over 250 of the world's top 500 computers. And so there is a great deal of expertise in both companies. I would love to have Eyal answer some of that question, too, just so that we could have him do some talking. Eyal is a visionary leader. And he has, as you guys know, built Mellanox from the ground up, and I love it if you would take part of it. ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Eyal Waldman : Thank you, Jensen, for the warm words. Yeah. So I think there is a lot of synergy in the architecture between the GPUs that NVIDIA designs and sells and the interconnect that Mellanox designs and sells. We can now move on to the next stage of integration and build more efficient datacenters for wide number of applications and markets. The way we've done it now is through external connectivity, the next stage of building smarter, more efficient and more productive datacenters will be higher integration of mechanisms between the interconnect and the CPU, GPU that now we'll be able to do more intimately. ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Pradeep Ramani : Okay. Thank you. ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Operator : And your next question is from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Stacy Rasgon : Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. First, I was curious how long you've been exploring this purchase in earnest before the announcement today? Was it weeks or months? Like how long have you actually been in this process before actually closing on the deal today? ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Jen-Hsun Huang : Yeah. That's a great question, Stacy. Eyal knows I've loved Mellanox for years. I've loved Mellanox for years for several reasons. One, we collaborate. We've been working together for a very long time and we built high- performance computers together. They are in every one of the DGX servers, the AI supercomputers that we make. So in our own products, they're in every single one. They're all over our datacenter, the ones that we use to achieve and deliver the world's highest performances on MLPerf. We work hand-in-hand with their engineers to achieve those results all the time. We've been working together for years. And so I've loved this company for a very long time. I've believed for a very long time also that NVIDIA would go from a chip-level company and to a server-level company to essentially a datacenter-scale company. And that we would think about architecture from that perspective. And so I've loved the company for a long time. And in terms of when the acquisition talks first happened, that's going to be in the proxy, but obviously it was more recent. 5 ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Stacy Rasgon : Okay. Just to follow up, maybe housekeeping, how are you going to account for Mellanox's revenues when you report? Are you going to leave them split out in their own segment or are you going to put them into your datacenter segment? ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Colette Kress : Hey, Stacy. This is Colette. I'll try and answer that question. At this time, we're not changing our guidance that we just provided about a month ago for the current fiscal year. When this deal actually closes, we'll be able to give you more color regarding what we see going forward in terms of guidance with the two companies together, and we'll talk about the overall reporting at that time. ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Stacy Rasgon : Okay. Thank you, guys. ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Jen-Hsun Huang : Thanks, Stacy. ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Operator : Your next question is from Will Stein with SunTrust. ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Will Stein : Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on this transaction. Jensen, I'm hoping you can put this acquisition in sort of an historical perspective for us relative to the other ones you've done. What lessons would you say you learned from the prior acquisitions that sort of encouraged this transaction and what lessons might you have learned from the prior deals that might provide a different approach or different tactics around this one? Thank you. ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Jen-Hsun Huang : Yeah. From a scale perspective, this is surely the largest one. From a percentage or proportional size perspective, our integration - our acquisition of 3dfx was the largest at the time. And at the core, it's really about several things. One, it has to be - and just as a statement, almost every single 3dfx engineer and employee that joined us at that time are still here, and many of them are on NVIDIA's management team today, on Estaff today. And we wouldn't be here if not for the incredible work that the people did that came to us. We are just such a different company, result of that acquisition and I think this acquisition would also be transformative for us changing us from a chip and a system-level company to a datacenter-scale-level company. And several things that I learned. One, there has to be an alignment about the purpose of companies, the culture of the company and just the core attitude, the principles that govern the companies. And I've worked with Eyal for a long time, we've worked with Mellanox for a very long time, and our two companies are driven in very similar ways. We're both best in our class. We're singularly focused on high-performance computing. We're very performance-oriented. And you just can't help but love the fact that this company is also based in Israel so that the population of great technical excellence is high. And so I'm thrilled about that part of it. So I think number one is the alignment of purpose and culture. The second is just alignment of vision of the future of the industry. We both see it the same way that this transaction is about uniting the two of the leading technology companies in high-performance computing, it's about doubling down in datacenters, it's about inventing the future of datacenters which is going to be workloads that run across the entire datacenter. Imagine one application that's split up in containers that's operating in servers all over the datacenter and results are being sent around from one server to another server over the network fabric. The entire datacenter becomes one giant compute engine and this is the future. And so where compute starts and networking starts and ends, it's going to be harder to see and it's going to be one continuous compute plane. And so the second is the alignment of the future - vision of the future of the industry. 6 And then thirdly, it has to make all the economic sense that the strategy would suggest. This deal is going to be immediately accretive. You have two companies that are growing. Our strategic tenets are still fundamentally sound. We believe that the future is going to be about acceleration. Mellanox's business is growing and they're growing fabulously, and for all the dynamics, the reasons that I've already outlined is the reason why they're growing. And so we have two growth companies coming together, two best-in-class companies coming together, two cultures that were built from the ground up coming together, and we see a common future - common vision of the future. ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Will Stein : Thank you. ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Operator : And our next question is from the line of Mark Lipacis from Jefferies. ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Mark Lipacis : Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on the announcement. I had two questions, one software and one interconnect. On the software side, Jensen, you've discussed transforming NVIDIA from a chip company to a platform company for a while. And I'm wondering does the Mellanox acquisition necessarily mean that you're not going to be extending what you've done with CUDA on GPU, so a higher level software capability than you had before with what will become the combination of Mellanox and NVIDIA. That's the software question. And the interconnect question, you talked about system-to-system. Does the Mellanox interconnect capability, does that extend down to the chip-to-chip level and does it mean that you consider multi-chip packaging architectures in the future? Is that on the roadmap? I'll stop there. That's all I have. Thank you. ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Jen-Hsun Huang : Yeah, I'll go backwards. NVLink is unquestionably the best processor-to-processor interconnect the world has today. It is just incredibly high speed and it's designed so that CUDA programs could view all of the processors that are connected together as of one large computing engine, and so NVLink has a very special purpose and it's really about connecting processors to processors within one system. Mellanox is about connecting multiple systems also with the same sensibility of very low latency, very high throughput and just incredibly well optimized software stacks that are integrated with the gigantic body of software that's running on top of a datacenter. If you look at their body of work where there's an high-performance computing, supercomputing, enterprise computing, or/and hyperscale computing, their software stack is integrated deeply into the world's body of work, if you will. And so I think their interconnect and our interconnect, their software and our software has very specific places to exist and they're going to evolve from there. At the largest - at the higher level, it is very clear that compute and networking will be one large connected compute plane, if you will, that the networking will be an extension of the compute fabric, or another way to say it is that in the future, computing will be done not just within the server but computing of an application will be done at the datacenter scale. One application will run across the entire datacenter. One application will run across the entire datacenter. It's either all of the servers coming together, all of the nodes - the nodes coming together, working together to solve one problem or the application has been broken apart into a whole bunch of little containers with AI programs running within it, and the results of one has been essentially e-mailed to, if you will, sent to the input of the other. And so the traffic inside datacenters, the traffic inside the datacenter is exploded because of this phenomenon. And at the highest level, the easiest way to think about that is, in the future, we're looking at datacenter-scale compute engines. The servers will be connected by networks that will create a compute plane that is continuous, and the best architecture is going to have to contemplate this holistic nature. ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Mark Lipacis : That's helpful. Thank you. 7 ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Jen-Hsun Huang : This is the last question. Okay, you guys, this is the last question. Thanks for joining us. This is a really exciting day for our company and I'm super delighted that we were able to acquire Mellanox today and - announced the acquisition of Mellanox today and this is going to the beginning of a new NVIDIA that I look forward to sharing with you as time goes. Thank you. ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Operator : And this now concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 8

EX-99.4 7 ex994faqs.htm EXHIBIT 99.4 Exhibit FAQ 1. What did NVIDIA announce today? ◦ Today we announced the proposed acquisition of Mellanox for $6.9B. Mellanox is a high-performance datacenter interconnect technology company headquartered in Israel that we have partnered with over the years to build many of world’s highest performance datacenter systems. Between us, we have every major cloud service provider and computer maker as customers. ◦ The world-class, high-speed networking interconnects that Mellanox specializes in will strengthen NVIDIA’s ability to provide datacenter-scale computing solutions across the full computing stack - processing, networking and storage. ◦ The acquisition of Mellanox will strengthen NVIDIA’s leadership position in high performance computing (HPC) and comes at a time when Moore’s Law has ended and HPC is critical for supercomputing centers, hyperscale datacenters and enterprises. 2. What are the benefits of the acquisition? ◦ We are uniting two of the leading HPC technology companies. The acquisition will combine NVIDIA’s world-class processing and Mellanox’s world-class data-movement capabilities to address the datacenter market, better serve our customers and accelerate innovation. ◦ It will strengthen NVIDIA’s ability to offer datacenter-scale computing solutions optimized across computing, networking and storage, that can accelerate datacenter-scale workloads. ◦ It will foster the next-generation of HPC and AI platforms for hyperscale and enterprise datacenters, as well as supercomputing centers. ◦ It is financially attractive and is expected to be accretive to non-GAAP gross margins, non-GAAP EPS and free cash flow, immediately after close. 3. How will Mellanox and NVIDIA employees benefit from the transaction? ◦ Employees will benefit from the strong cultural fit as Mellanox and NVIDIA have common performance-driven cultures with a focus on innovation and collaboration. ◦ This transaction will increase the investment in our combined roadmap and create new growth opportunities. 4. What is the transaction process? ◦ We will need regulatory approvals in the United States, China and other jurisdictions. ◦ We believe the transaction will foster innovation and believe regulators and customers will have the same view; we do not expect obstacles to closing. ◦ We expect the transaction to close by the end of calendar 2019. ◦ We will remain independent companies until the deal closes. 5. Are there any parts of the Mellanox business that you will discontinue or exit? ◦ Currently we have no plans to discontinue or exit any parts of the business. ◦ Importantly, the proposed acquisition is about accelerating innovation, rather than cost synergies. ◦ We will be preserving jobs in Israel and increasing the investment in our combined roadmap. 6. Will Mellanox’s management team stay with the company? ◦ Mellanox has visionary leadership. After the transaction closes, we will welcome Mellanox’s entire team and expect their current leadership to join us and continue to develop excellent new products. ◦ Until then, the companies will stay separate and it is business as usual. 7. How does Mellanox’s culture fit with NVIDIA? ◦ The combination is a strong cultural fit given our common performance-driven cultures and focus on innovation. ◦ NVIDIA and Mellanox have collaborated for years to build many of the world’s highest performance datacenter systems, so this is a natural extension of that partnership. ◦ We look forward to joining our efforts and accelerating the performance gains we can deliver to datacenter customers. 8. What are your plans for Mellanox’s employees and sites? ◦ Both NVIDIA’s and Mellanox’s employees are very important to the business and we will keep that in mind when developing our integration plans in the coming months. We are hoping to have the entire Mellanox team join us, in all of Mellanox’s sites around the world. ◦ We are looking to accelerate innovation while continuing to provide amazing products and services to customers around the world. ◦ Following this acquisition, NVIDIA will continue investing in local excellence and local talent in Israel, one of the world’s most important technology centers for innovation. We are proud to call Israel a home for NVIDIA. 9. What are the benefits to customers and partners? ◦ This acquisition will strengthen NVIDIA’s leadership position in HPC, enabling us to better serve our customers and accelerate innovation. ◦ The proposed combination is about accelerating innovation in HPC for the benefit of customers. Partners will also benefit from optimized solutions across the entire computing and networking stack. 10. How do the companies’ products and services complement one another? ◦ The two companies’ businesses fit well together: we will unite NVIDIA’s strength in accelerated computing for HPC with Mellanox’s expertise in high-performance datacenter interconnect technology. ◦ We believe our platform will be stronger and deliver the best possible performance for datacenter customers by innovating across the computing, networking and storage stacks. 11. What are NVIDIA’s plans for Mellanox’s suppliers and partners? ◦ We do not anticipate changes in this regard. ◦ Until the deal closes, the companies will stay separate and it is business as usual. 12. Will customers need to update their contracts? Will contracts under negotiation need amendment? ◦ We do not anticipate any changes. We will contact customers on a case-by-case basis as needed. ◦ Until the deal closes, the companies will stay separate and it is business as usual. Forward Looking Statements All statements included or incorporated by reference in this communication, other than statements or characterizations of historical fact, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements are based on NVIDIA’s current expectations, estimates and projections about its business and industry, management’s beliefs, and certain assumptions made by NVIDIA and Mellanox, all of which are subject to change. Forward-looking statements can often be identified by words such as “anticipates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “predicts,” “believes,” “seeks,” “goals,” “likely,” “might,” “project,” “target,” “estimates,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “would,” “could,” “potential,” “continue,” “ongoing,” or similar expressions, and variations or negatives of these words. Certain statements in this press release including, but not limited to, statements as to the proposed transaction and acquisition of Mellanox by NVIDIA, including statements regarding the benefits of the transaction and what the combined companies will offer, the timing, price and closing conditions of the transaction, and statements regarding the companies’ products and markets are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause results to be materially different than expectations. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and are not guarantees of future results. Many factors could cause actual future events to differ materially from the forward looking statements in this document, including the following, among others: the risk that the transaction may not be completed in a timely manner or at all, which may adversely affect the companies’ business and the price of its stock; uncertainties as to the timing of the consummation of the transaction and the failure to satisfy the conditions to the consummation of the transaction, including the receipt of certain governmental and regulatory approvals; the potential for regulatory authorities to require divestitures, behavioral remedies or other concessions in order to obtain their approval of the proposed transaction; the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the merger agreement; the effect of the announcement or pendency of the transaction on NVIDIA’s business relationships, operating results, and business generally; delays, disruptions or increased costs in the integration of Mellanox’s technology in existing or new products; Mellanox shareholders may not approve the transaction; expected benefits and other financial benefits of the transaction may not be realized; integration of the acquisition post-closing may not occur as anticipated, and the combined companies’ ability to achieve the growth prospects and synergies expected from the transaction, as well as delays, challenges and expenses associated with integrating the combined companies’ existing businesses may incur; litigation related to the transaction or otherwise or limitations or restrictions imposed by regulatory authorities may delay or negatively impact the transaction; unanticipated restructuring costs may be incurred or undisclosed liabilities assumed; attempts to retain key personnel and customers may not succeed; risks related to diverting management’s attention from NVIDIA’s ongoing business operations; the business combination or the combined company’s products may not be supported by third parties; actions by competitors may negatively impact results; potential adverse reactions or changes to business relationships resulting from the announcement or completion of the transaction; there may be negative changes in general economic conditions in the regions or the industries in which NVIDIA and Mellanox operate; and other risks described in NVIDIA’s and Mellanox’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“ SEC ”). In addition, please refer to the documents that NVIDIA and Mellanox file with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Forms 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K. These filings identify and address other important risks and uncertainties that could cause events and results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements set forth in this document. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future events performance and speak only as of the date hereof, and, except as required by law, NVIDIA and Mellanox disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances. In addition, actual results are subject to other risks and uncertainties that relate more broadly to NVIDIA’s overall business, including those more fully described in NVIDIA’s filings with the SEC including its annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 27, 2019, and Mellanox’s overall business and financial condition, including those more fully described in Mellanox’s filings with the SEC including its annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018. The foregoing review of important factors that could cause actual events to differ from expectations should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with statements that are included herein and NVIDIA’s filings with the SEC. Except as required by applicable law, NVIDIA does not undertake any obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statement, or to make any other forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. NVIDIA can give no assurance that the conditions to the transaction will be satisfied. Additional Information and Where to Find It This communication is being made in respect of the proposed transaction. Mellanox intends to file with the SEC and mail or otherwise provide to its shareholders a proxy statement in connection with the proposed transaction with NVIDIA (the “ proxy statement ”), and each party will file other documents regarding the proposed transaction with the SEC. The definitive proxy statement will be sent or given to the shareholders of Mellanox and will contain important information about the proposed transaction and related matters. This communication is not a substitute for the proxy statement or any other document that may be filed by Mellanox with the SEC. Investors and security holders are urged to read the proxy statement in its entirety and other relevant documents filed with the SEC in connection with the proposed transaction or incorporated by reference therein when they become available before making any voting or investment decision with respect to the proposed transaction because they will contain important information about the proposed transaction and the parties to the proposed transaction. You may obtain copies of all documents filed with the SEC regarding this transaction, free of charge, at the SEC’s website (www.sec.gov). In addition, investors and shareholders will be able to obtain free copies of the proxy statement and other documents filed with the SEC by NVIDIA on NVIDIA’s Investor Relations website (https://investor.nvidia.com/) or by writing to NVIDIA, Investor Relations, 2788 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara, CA 95051 (for documents filed with the SEC by NVIDIA), or by Mellanox on Mellanox’s Investor Relations website (ir.mellanox.com) or by writing to Mellanox, Investor Relations, Hakidma 26 Ofer Industrial Park Yokneam Israel, 2069200, IR@mellanox.com (for documents filed with the SEC by Mellanox). Participants in the Solicitation NVIDIA, Mellanox and certain of their respective directors, executive officers, other members of management and employees and agents retained, may, under SEC rules, be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in connection with the proposed transaction. Information regarding the persons who may, under SEC rules, be deemed participants in the solicitation of Mellanox shareholders in connection with the proposed transaction will be set forth in the proxy statement when it is filed with the SEC. You can find more detailed information about NVIDIA’s executive officers and directors in its definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC on April 6, 2018. You can find more detailed information about Mellanox’s executive officers and directors in its annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 21, 2019. To the extent holdings of securities by each company’s directors or executive officers have changed since the amounts disclosed in each company’s respective proxy statement, such changes have been or will be reflected on Statements of Change in Ownership on Form 4 filed with the SEC. Additional information regarding these persons and their interests in the proposed transaction will be included in the proxy statement relating to the proposed transaction when it is filed with the SEC. These documents, when available, can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above.