EXHIBIT 99.1 News Release News Release News Release News Release News Release News FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Media Contact : Marina H. Norville, marina.h.norville@aexp.com , +1.212.640.2832 Investors/Analysts Contacts : Toby Willard, sherwood.s.willardjr@aexp.com , +1.212.640.5574 Shreya Patel, shreya.patel@aexp.com , +1.212.640.5574 AMERICAN EXPRESS REPORTS FIRST-QUARTER EPS OF $1.86 REVENUES RISE 12 PERCENT DRIVEN BY HIGHER CARD MEMBER SPENDING AND LOAN GROWTH COMPANY EXPECTS 2018 EPS AT HIGH-END OF $6.90 TO $7.30 OUTLOOK (Millions, except percentages and per share amounts) Quarters Ended March 31, 2018 2017 Percentage Inc/(Dec) Total Revenues Net of Interest Expense $ 9,718 $ 8,709 12 Net Income $ 1,634 $ 1,251 31 Earnings Per Common Share – Diluted: Net Income Attributable to Common Shareholders 1 $ 1.86 $ 1.35 38 Average Diluted Common Shares Outstanding 861 903 (5 ) New York – April 18, 2018 - American Express Company (NYSE: AXP) today reported first-quarter net income of $1.6 billion, up 31 percent from $1.3 billion a year ago. Diluted earnings per share was $1.86, up 38 percent from $1.35 per share a year ago. First-quarter consolidated total revenues net of interest expense were $9.7 billion, up 12 percent (10 percent FX-adjusted 2 ) from $8.7 billion a year ago. The increase showed steady growth across the company's businesses and reflected higher Card Member spending, loans, and fee income. 1 Represents net income less (i) earnings allocated to participating share awards of $13 million and $10 million for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, and (ii) dividends on preferred shares of $21 million for both the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017. 2 As reported in this release, FX-adjusted information assumes a constant exchange rate between the periods being compared for purposes of currency translations into U.S. dollars (i.e., assumes the foreign exchange rates used to determine results for the three months ended March 31, 2018 apply to the period(s) against which such results are being compared). Management believes the presentation of information on an FX-adjusted basis is helpful to investors by making it easier to compare the company's performance in one period to that of another period without the variability caused by fluctuations in currency exchange rates. -1- Consolidated provisions for losses were $775 million, up 35 percent from $573 million a year ago. The increase, which was in line with the company's expectations, reflected growth in the loan portfolio and an increase in the lending write-off and delinquency rates. Consolidated expenses were $6.9 billion, up 9 percent from $6.3 billion a year ago. The rise primarily reflected growth in rewards expenses and other costs associated with increased Card Member spending, higher usage of card benefits, and continued investments in cobrand partnerships. Operating expenses were up 5 percent (approximately 2 percent FX-adjusted 2 ) from a year ago, reflecting a number of items, including a loss on a previously announced transaction involving the company's prepaid operations. 3 The consolidated effective tax rate was 22 percent, down from 32 percent a year ago. For consolidated results and all segments, the current quarter reflected the reduction in the U.S. federal statutory tax rate as a result of the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the "Tax Act"). "Our year is off to a good start with double-digit growth in billed business, revenues and earnings," said Stephen J. Squeri, chairman and chief executive officer. "Card Member spending grew 12 percent, and we acquired 3.5 million new cards across our global issuing business, reflecting in part the recent Hilton portfolio acquisition. Credit indicators are in line with our expectations, and the loan portfolio grew 16 percent. "Today's results are showing good returns on the investments we've been making to drive growth in the premium sector, with cobrand partners, in our merchant network and with small and mid-sized businesses. We plan to continue these investments this year and support our initiatives with the global brand campaign we launched this month. "We feel good about our progress but it is still early in the year. Given what we are seeing so far, we expect revenues to be up at least 8 percent this year and EPS to be at the high end of the $6.90 to $7.30 range we set back in January." Segment Results U.S. Consumer Services reported first-quarter net income of $640 million, up 30 percent from $494 million a year ago. Total revenues net of interest expense were $3.7 billion, up 13 percent from $3.3 billion a year ago. The rise primarily reflected higher loans, increased Card Member spending, and the benefit of the recent acquisition of the Hilton portfolio. Provisions for losses totaled $423 million, up 44 percent from $294 million a year ago. The rise primarily reflected growth in the loan portfolio and, as expected, an increase in the lending write-off and delinquency rates. 3 Operating expenses represent salaries and employee benefits, professional services, occupancy and equipment, and other, net. -2- Total expenses were $2.5 billion, up 10 percent from $2.2 billion a year ago. The rise primarily reflected growth in rewards expenses associated with increased Card Member spending, higher usage of card benefits and continued investments in cobrand partnerships. The effective tax rate was 21 percent, down from 33 percent a year ago. International Consumer and Network Services reported first-quarter net income of $291 million, up 15 percent from $252 million a year ago. Total revenues net of interest expense were $1.8 billion, up 12 percent (5 percent FX-adjusted 2 ) from $1.6 billion a year ago. The increase primarily reflected higher Card Member spending and net card fees. Provisions for losses totaled $108 million, up 64 percent from $66 million a year ago. The rise primarily reflected continued growth in the lending and charge portfolios. Total expenses were $1.3 billion, up 10 percent (5 percent FX-adjusted 2 ) from $1.2 billion a year ago. The rise primarily reflected higher rewards expenses related to an increase in Card Member spending. The effective tax rate was 21 percent, down from 28 percent a year ago . Global Commercial Services reported first-quarter net income of $552 million, up 35 percent from $409 million a year ago. Total revenues net of interest expense were $3.0 billion, up 9 percent from $2.8 billion a year ago. The increase primarily reflected higher Card Member spending. Provisions for losses totaled $240 million, up 15 percent from $208 million a year ago, driven primarily by the charge portfolio. Total expenses were $2.1 billion, up 6 percent from $2.0 billion a year ago. The rise primarily reflected higher rewards expenses and other costs related to an increase in Card Member spending. The effective tax rate was 23 percent, down from 34 percent a year ago. Global Merchant Services reported first-quarter net income of $472 million, up 32 percent from $357 million a year ago. Total revenues net of interest expense were $1.2 billion, up 10 percent from $1.1 billion a year ago. The increase primarily reflected higher Card Member spending, partially offset by a decrease in the average discount rate. Total expenses were $514 million, up 2 percent from $503 million a year ago. -3- The effective tax rate was 28 percent, down from 36 percent a year ago. Corporate and Other reported first-quarter net loss of $321 million compared with net loss of $261 million a year ago, primarily reflecting a transaction involving the company's prepaid operations. # # # About American Express American Express is a global services company, providing customers with access to products, insights and experiences that enrich lives and build business success. Learn more at americanexpress.com and connect with us on facebook.com/americanexpress , instagram.com/americanexpress , linkedin.com/company/american-express , twitter.com/americanexpress , and youtube.com/americanexpress . Key links to products, services and corporate responsibility information: charge and credit cards , business credit cards , travel services , gift cards , prepaid cards , merchant services , Accertify , InAuth , corporate card , business travel , and corporate responsibility . This earnings release should be read in conjunction with the company's statistical tables for the first-quarter 2018, available on the American Express website at http://ir.americanexpress.com and in a Form 8-K filed today with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This earnings release reflects the company's adoption of new revenue recognition guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board related to contracts with customers effective January 1, 2018 and thus should also be read in conjunction with the company's Form 8-K filed on March 9, 2018 with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on the American Express website at http://ir.americanexpress.com . An investor conference call will be held at 5:00 p.m. (ET) today to discuss first-quarter earnings results. Live audio and presentation slides for the investor conference call will be available to the general public on the above-mentioned American Express Investor Relations website. A replay of the conference call will be available later today at the same website address. # # # CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements, which address the Company's expected business and financial performance and which include management's outlook for 2018, among other matters, contain words such as "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "aim," "will," "may," "should," "could," "would," "likely" and similar expressions. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, include, but are not limited to, the following: -4- · the Company's ability to achieve its 2018 earnings per common share outlook, which will depend in part on the following: revenues growing consistently with current expectations, which could be impacted by, among other things, the factors identified in the subsequent bullet; credit performance remaining consistent with current expectations; the impact of any future contingencies, including, but not limited to, litigation-related settlements, judgments or expenses, the imposition of fines or civil money penalties, an increase in Card Member reimbursements, restructurings, impairments and changes in reserves; the ability to control operating expense growth; the amount the Company spends on Card Member engagement and the Company's ability to drive growth from such investments; changes in interest rates beyond current expectations (including the impact of hedge ineffectiveness and deposit rate increases); a greater impact from certain cobrand agreements than expected, which could be affected by volumes and Card Member engagement; the impact of regulation and litigation, which could affect the profitability of the Company's business activities, limit the Company's ability to pursue business opportunities, require changes to business practices or alter the Company's relationships with partners, merchants and Card Members; the Company's tax rate remaining in line with current expectations, which could be impacted by, among other things, changes to the fourth quarter 2017 provisional tax charge due to changes in interpretations and assumptions the Company has made as well as actions the Company may take as a result of the…