Exhibit 99.1 Booking Holdings Reports Financial Results for 1 st Quarter 2021 NORWALK, CT – May 5, 2021. . . Booking Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: BKNG) today reported its 1 st quarter 2021 financ ial results. First quarter gross travel bookings for Booking Holdings Inc. (the "Company," "Booking Holdings," "we," "our" or "us"), which refers to the total dollar value, generally inclusive of taxes and fees, of all travel services booked by its customers, net of cancellations, were $11.9 billion, a decrease of 4% from the prior year (approximately a 6% decrease on a constant-currency basis). Room nights booked in the 1 st quarter decreased 20% from the prior year. The Company's results for the 1 st quarter of 2021 and 2020 have been significantly and negatively impacted due to the COVID-19 pandemic and the resul ting economic conditions and government restrictions. Booking Holdings' total revenues for the 1 st quarter of 2021 were $1.1 billion, a 50% decrease from the prior year (approximately a 51% decrease on a constant-currency basis). The Company reported a net loss of $55 million in the 1 st quarter of 2021, compared with a net loss of $699 million in the 1 st quarter of 2020. The results for the 1 st quarter of 2021 include net gains on marketable equity securities of $32 million while the results for the 1 st quarter of 2020 include net losses on marketable equity securities of $307 million. Additionally, in the 1 st quarter of 2020, the Company recorded an impairment charge of $489 million related to OpenTable and KAYAK goodwill and $100 million related to an investment in equity securities. Net loss in the 1 st quarter of 2021 was $1.34 per diluted common share, compared with net loss per diluted common share of $17.01 in the 1 st quarter of 2020. Non-GAAP net loss in the 1 st quarter of 2021 was $215 million, compared with non-GAAP net income in the 1 st quarter of 2020 of $156 million. Non-GAAP net loss in the 1 st quarter of 2021 was $5.26 per diluted common share, compared with non-GAAP net income of $3.77 per diluted common share in the 1 st quarter of 2020. Non-GAAP net (loss) income includes adjustments to exclude net gains or losses on marketable equity securities and foreign currency transaction gains on the remeasurement of Euro-denominated debt that was not designated as a hedging instrument, in both periods, and the goodwill and investment impairments in the 1 st quarter of 2020. Adjusted EBITDA for the 1 st quarter of 2021 was a loss of $195 million, compared with adjusted EBITDA of $290 million in the 1 st quarter of 2020. The section below under the heading " Non-GAAP Financial Measures " provides definitions and information about the use of non-GAAP financial measures in this press release, and the attached financial and statistical supplement reconciles non-GAAP financial results with Booking Holdings' financial results under GAAP. "We saw encouraging signs of improving booking trends in the first quarter that continued into April with notable strength in the U.S.," said Glenn Fogel, Chief Executive Officer of Booking Holdings. "While we expect there will be continued volatility in the recovery of global travel demand, our teams across Booking Holdings will continue their hard work to strengthen the positioning of our company and execute against our key strategic priorities." 1 Non-GAAP Financial Measures The Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") and include all normal and recurring adjustments that management of the Company considers necessary for a fair presentation of its financial position and operating results. To supplement the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company uses the following non-GAAP financial measures: adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP net (loss) income, non-GAAP net (loss) income per diluted common share and free cash flow (net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures). The presentation of non-GAAP financial information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. The Company uses non-GAAP financial measures for financial and operational decision-making and as a basis to evaluate performance and set targets for employee compensation programs. The Company believes that these non- GAAP financial measures are useful for analysts and investors to evaluate the Company's ongoing operating performance because they facilitate comparison of the Company's results for the current period to those of prior periods and to those of its competitors (though other companies may calculate similar non-GAAP financial measures differently from those calculated by the Company). These non-GAAP financial measures, in particular adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP net (loss) income and free cash flow are not intended to represent funds available for Booking Holdings' discretionary use and are not intended to represent or to be used as a substitute for operating loss, net loss or net cash used in operating activities as measured under GAAP. The items excluded from these non-GAAP measures but included in the calculation of their closest GAAP equivalent, are significant components of the Company's consolidated statements of operations and cash flows and must be considered in performing a comprehensive assessment of overall financial performance. Non-GAAP net (loss) income is net loss with the following adjustments: • excludes the impact of impairment of goodwill, • excludes gains and losses on marketable equity securities, • excludes the impact, if any, of significant gains or losses on the sale of and impairment or credit losses on investments in available-for-sale debt securities and significant gains or losses on the sale of and valuation adjustments on investments in equity securities without readily determinable fair values, • excludes foreign currency transaction gains or losses on the remeasurement of Euro-denominated debt that is not designated as a hedging instrument for accounting purposes, • excludes amortization expense of intangible assets, • excludes noncash interest expense related to the amortization of debt discount on our convertible debt, • excludes the impact of net unrecognized tax benefit related to Italian tax matters, and • the income tax impact of the non-GAAP adjustments mentioned above. In addition to the adjustments listed above regarding non-GAAP net (loss) income, adjusted EBITDA excludes depreciation expense, interest and dividend income, and to the extent not included in the adjustments listed above, interest expense and income tax benefit. In the event the Company reports a GAAP net loss but a non-GAAP net income, anti-dilutive shares that are excluded from the GAAP weighted-average number of diluted common shares outstanding are included in the non-GAAP weighted-average number of diluted common shares outstanding. We evaluate certain operating and financial measures on both an as-reported and constant-currency basis. We calculate constant currency by converting our current-year period results for transactions recorded in currencies other than U.S. Dollars using the corresponding prior-year period monthly average exchange rates rather than the current-year period monthly average exchange rates. The attached financial and statistical supplement includes reconciliations of our financial results under GAAP to non-GAAP financial information for the three months ended March 31, 2021 and 2020. 2 Information About Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements reflect the views of the Company's management regarding current expectations and projections about future events and are based on currently available information and current foreign currency exchange rates. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict; therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals and similar expressions including, "may," "will," "should," "could," "aims," "seeks," "expects," "plans," "anticipates," "intends," "believes," "estimates," "predicts," "potential," "targets," and "continue," reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. The following factors, among others, could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements: -- t he adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company's business, financial performance and travel demand, generally; -- adverse changes in general market conditions for travel services, including the effects of macroeconomic conditions, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, health concerns, civil or political unrest or other events outside our control; -- any adverse impacts on our business, operations and/or reputation as a result of any utilization of COVID-19-related governmental stimulus or aid packages; -- the effects of competition; -- any adverse impact on our business, operations and/or reputation as a result of the implementation or management of restructurings; -- any write-downs or impairments of goodwill or intangible assets related to acquisitions or investments, any increases in provisions for expected credit losses on receivables from and cash advances made to our travel service provider and restaurant partners and any increases in cash outlays to refund consumers for prepaid reservations; -- adverse changes in relationships with travel service providers and restaurants and other third parties on which we are dependent; -- our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; -- IT systems-related failures, data privacy risks and obligations, and/or security breaches; -- fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and other risks associated with doing business in multiple currencies; -- our ability to successfully manage growth and expand our global business; -- our ability to respond to and keep up with the rapid pace of technological and market changes; -- our performance marketing efficiency and the general effectiveness of our marketing efforts; -- any change by our search and meta-search partners in how they present travel search results or conduct their auctions for search placement in a manner that is competitively disadvantageous to us; and -- tax, legal and regulatory risks. For a detailed discussion of these and other factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and any subsequently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Unless required by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 3 About Booking Holdings Inc. Booking Holdings (NASDAQ: BKNG) is the world’s leading provider of online travel and related services, provided to consumers and local partners in more than 220 countries and territories through six primary brands: Booking.com , Priceline , agoda , Rentalcars.com, KAYAK and OpenTable . The mission of Booking Holdings is to make it easier for everyone to experience the world. For more information, visit BookingHoldings.com and follow us on Twitter @BookingHoldings. ### For Press Information : Leslie Cafferty (203) 299-8128 leslie.cafferty@bookingholdings.com For Investor Relations : John Longstreet (203) 299-8806 john.longstreet@bookingholdings.com 4 Booking Holdings Inc. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In millions, except share and…