Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition On June 23, 2016, Accenture plc (“Accenture”) issued a news release announcing financial results for its third quarter of fiscal year 2016, which fiscal quarter ended on May 31, 2016. A copy of the news release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99. All information in the news release is furnished but not filed. Non-GAAP Financial Information In the attached news release Accenture discloses the following non-GAAP financial measures: • Free cash flow (defined as operating cash flow net of property and equipment additions). Accenture’s management believes that this information provides meaningful additional information regarding the company’s liquidity. • Percentage changes in revenues before reimbursements (“net revenues”) on a local currency basis. Financial results in local currency are calculated by restating current period activity into U.S. dollars using the comparable prior year period’s foreign currency exchange rates. This approach is used for all results where the functional currency is not the U.S. dollar. Accenture’s management believes that information regarding changes in its net revenues that excludes the effect of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates facilitates meaningful comparison of its net revenues before reimbursements. • Earnings per share, operating income, operating margin, net income and effective tax rate excluding the gain on the sale of the company’s Navitaire business and the non-cash charge related to the settlement of certain U.S. pension obligations. Accenture’s management believes that information regarding the effect of the Navitaire divestiture and the settlement charge facilitates an understanding as to the impact of these items and the company’s operating performance. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP are included in the news release. While Accenture’s management believes that this non-GAAP financial information is useful in evaluating Accenture’s operations, this information should be considered as supplemental in nature and not as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP.

Exhibit 99. All information in the news release is furnished but not filed. Non-GAAP Financial Information In the attached news release Accenture discloses the following non-GAAP financial measures: • Free cash flow (defined as operating cash flow net of property and equipment additions). Accenture’s management believes that this information provides meaningful additional information regarding the company’s liquidity. • Percentage changes in revenues before reimbursements (“net revenues”) on a local currency basis. Financial results in local currency are calculated by restating current period activity into U.S. dollars using the comparable prior year period’s foreign currency exchange rates. This approach is used for all results where the functional currency is not the U.S. dollar. Accenture’s management believes that information regarding changes in its net revenues that excludes the effect of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates facilitates meaningful comparison of its net revenues before reimbursements. • Earnings per share, operating income, operating margin, net income and effective tax rate excluding the gain on the sale of the company’s Navitaire business and the non-cash charge related to the settlement of certain U.S. pension obligations. Accenture’s management believes that information regarding the effect of the Navitaire divestiture and the settlement charge facilitates an understanding as to the impact of these items and the company’s operating performance. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP are included in the news release. While Accenture’s management believes that this non-GAAP financial information is useful in evaluating Accenture’s operations, this information should be considered as supplemental in nature and not as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP.