Exhibit 99.1 November 18, 2020 For 6:00 am ET Release LOWE’S REPORTS THIRD QUARTER 2020 SALES AND EARNINGS RESULTS — U.S. Comparable Sales Increased 30.4% — — Diluted EPS of $0.91 which Includes $1.05 Negative Impact from Extinguishment of Debt — — Adjusted Diluted EPS of $1.98 1 — — Lowes.com Sales Increased 106% — — Company Invested over $1.1 Billion Year-to-Date to Support Associates, Store Safety and Communities in Response to COVID-19 — — Company Provides Fourth Quarter 2020 Financial Outlook — MOORESVILLE, N.C. - Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (NYSE: LOW) today reported net earnings of $692 million and diluted earnings per share (EPS) of $0.91 for the quarter ended October 30, 2020, which included a $1.1 billion pre-tax loss on extinguishment of debt in connection with the company’s third quarter $3.0 billion cash tend er offer, compared to net earnings of $1.0 billion and diluted EPS of $1.36 in the third quarter of 2019. Excluding these charges, third quarter adjusted diluted EPS increased 40 percent to $1.98 from adjusted diluted EPS of $1.41 in the third quarter of 2019 1 . Sales for the third quarter were $22.3 billion compared to $17.4 billion in the third quarter of 2019, and comparable sales increased 30.1 percent. Comparable sales for the U.S. home improvement business increased 30.4 percent for the third quarter. In the third quarter, the Company invested $245 million in COVID-related support of frontline hourly associates, bringing its total COVID-related associate financial support to more than $800 million this year. As a reflection of its commitment to supporting its associates and communities, Lowe’s has invested more than $1.1 billion in COVID-related support for its associates, store safety and community pandemic relief through the first nine months of fiscal 2020. For the third quarter in a row, hourly associates at 100% of stores earned their “Winning Together” profit-sharing bonus, which totaled $104 million. For further information on the Company’s safety protocols in response to COVID-19, p lease visit corporate.lowes.com/covid-19-response. “Strong execution enabled us to meet continued broad-based demand, as we delivered over 15% growth in all merchandising departments, over 20% growth across all geographic regions. and triple-digit growth online. We continued to invest in the future growth of the company, including a $100 million investment in the quarter as part of an ongoing effort to reset the layout of our U.S. stores, making them easier to shop with improved product adjacencies, especially for Pro customers. Our omni-channel transformation continued in the third quarter with further investments in Lowes.com and our supply chain. I remain confident that we are making the right strategic investments to deliver sustainable, long-term growth. I would also like to thank our outstanding frontline associates for their unwavering commitment to customer service and safety,” commented Marvin R. Ellison, Lowe’s president and CEO. Capital Allocation The Company reinstated its share repurchase program, and repurchased 3.6 million shares for $621 million during the quarter, while it also paid $416 million in dividends. During the quarter, the Company made a cash tender offer for $3.0 billion of higher-coupon bonds, and issued $4.0 billion of senior unsecured notes at a weighted average interest rate of 2.17%, which is a record low in company history. These actions further strengthened the Company’s balance sheet by lowering its annual interest expense. At quarter-end, the Company had $8.2 billion of cash and cash equivalents as well as $3.0 billion in undrawn capacity on its revolving credit facilities, which will be available for any unanticipated liquidity needs. 1 Adjusted diluted earnings per share is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures Reconciliation” section of this release for additional information as well as reconciliations between the Company’s GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. As of October 30, 2020, Lowe’s operated 1,969 home improvement and hardware stores in the United States and Canada representing 208 million square feet of retail selling space. A conference call to discuss third quarter 2020 operating results is scheduled for today, Wednesday, November 18, at 9:00 am ET. The conference call will be available by webcast and can be accessed by visiting Lowe’s website at ir.lowes.com and clicking on Lowe’s Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call Webcast. Supplemental slides will be available approximately 15 minutes prior to the start of the conference call. A replay of the call will be archived at ir.lowes.com. Lowe’s Business Outlook On May 20, 2020, the Company withdrew its financial guidance for fiscal year 2020 due to limited visibility into future business trends in this unprecedented operating environment. While the business environment remains uncertain, the Company is providing the following outlook for the operating results of the fourth quarter of 2020. Fourth Quarter 2020 Financial Outlook (comparisons to fourth quarter 2019) • Total and comparable sales growth of approximately 15 to 20 percent. • Adjusted operating income as a perc entage of sales (adjusted operating margin) is expected to be essentially flat to prior-year levels, given ongoing COVID-related operating expenses, $150 million expense related to the reset of the layout of our U.S. stores, and investments in expanding the supply chain network. 2 • Effective income tax rate of approximately 27%. • Expected repurchase of approximately $3.0 billion of stock. • Diluted earnings per share and adjusted diluted earnings per share 1 of $1.10 - $1.20. For fiscal 2020, the Company expects capital expenditures of approximately $1.7 billion. Lowe’s Companies, Inc. Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (NYSE: LOW) is a FORTUNE® 50 home improvement company serving approximately 18 million customers a week in the United States and Canada. With fiscal year 2019 sales of $72.1 billion, Lowe’s and its related businesses operate or service more than 2,200 home improvement and hardware stores and employ approximately 300,000 associates. Based in Mooresville, N.C., Lowe’s supports the communities it serves through programs focused on creating safe, affordable housing and helping to develop the next generation of skilled trade experts. For more information, visit Lowes.com. Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This press release includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements including words such as “believe”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “plan”, “desire”, “project”, “estimate”, “intend”, “will”, “should”, “could”, “would”, “may”, “strategy”, “potential”, “opportunity”, “outlook”, “guidance”, and similar expressions are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve, among other things, expectations, projections, and assumptions about future financial and operating results, objectives, business outlook, priorities, sales growth, shareholder value, capital expenditures, cash flows, the housing market, the home improvement industry, demand for products and services, share repurchases, Lowe’s strategic initiatives, including those relating to acquisitions and dispositions and the impact of such transactions on our strategic and operational plans and financial results. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties and we can give no assurance that they will prove to be correct. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. A wide variety of potential risks, uncertainties, and other factors could materially affect our ability to achieve the results either expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements including, but not limited to, changes in general economic conditions, such as the rate of unemployment, interest rate and currency fluctuations, fuel and other energy costs, slower growth in personal income, changes in consumer spending, changes in the rate of housing turnover, the availability of consumer credit and of mortgage financing, changes in commodity prices, changes or threatened changes in tariffs, outbreak of public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, availability and cost of goods from suppliers, changes in our management and key personnel, and other factors that can negatively affect our customers. 2 The Company expects to complete the reset of over 90% of its U.S. stores by the end of the fiscal year. Investors and others should carefully consider the foregoing factors and other uncertainties, risks and potential events including, but not limited to, those described in “

Exhibit 99.2 “Strong execution enabled us to meet continued broad-based demand, as we delivered over 15% growth in all merchandising departments, over 20% growth across all geographic regions, and triple-digit growth online. We continued to invest in the future growth of the company, including a $100 million investment in the quarter as part of an ongoing effort to reset the layout of our U.S. stores, making them easier to shop with improved product adjacencies, especially for Pro customers. Our omni-channel transformation continued in the third quarter with further investments in Lowes.com and our supply chain. I remain Q3 2020 RESULTS confident that we are making the right strategic investments to deliver sustainable, long-term growth. I would also like to thank our outstanding frontline associates for their unwavering commitment to customer service and safety.” - Marvin R. Ellison, Lowe’s President and CEO FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS U.S. COMPARABLE SALES SUMMARY MERCHANDISING DEPARTMENT PERFORMANCE TRANSACTIONS/TICKET LOWES.COM Positive Comps Exceeded 15% in all 15 COMP COMP AVERAGE SALES IN SALES TRANSACTIONS TICKET GROWTH +106% Merchandising Departments $22.3B +28.3% 16.4% 13.7% U.S. COMP COMP SALES BY TICKET SIZE All 15 Regions U.S. +30.4% SALES Delivered Comp Sales >$500 +32.5% Growth Exceeding +20% $50-500 +30.9% GROSS MARGIN 32.72% +28 basis points <$50 +16.9% +31.8% +28.9% +30.0% OPERATING U.S. MONTHLY COMP MARGIN PERFORMANCE 9.75% +79 basis points 2020 2019 2 +3.6% +2.7% +2.7% AUGUST SEPTEMBER OCTOBER DILUTED EPS Invested an Incremental $245 Million in Financial Assistance $0.91 -33% for Associates in Response to COVID-19 Our highest priority will always be protecting the health and safety of our associates and ADJ. DILUTED EPS1 customers through a safe store environment and shopping experience $1.98 +40% Maintaining Enhanced Store Safety Measures Financial Support for Associates All frontline associates required to wear masks Provided bonuses in October and November totaling ~$230 1 Adjusted Diluted EPS is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to Nationwide standard for all customers to wear masks million for frontline associates Lowes.com/investor for a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures. Total COVID-Related Support 2 Beginning on 2/1/2020, the Company changed the basis in which it presents Providing free masks for customers who need them the comparable sales metric. Q3 2019 comp sales have not been adjusted. More than $1.1 billion for associates, store safety and community “All comparisons are to Q3 2019” For more information visit: corporate.lowes.com/covid-19-response pandemic relief through first nine months of fiscal 2020 STRATEGIC INITIATIVES SUPPLY CHAIN MERCHANDISING OPERATIONAL CUSTOMER TRANSFORMATION EXCELLENCE EFFICIENCY ENGAGEMENT Fulfillment Improve Productivity Store Own the Pro and Delivery Drive Localization Simplification Associate Optimization Improve In-Stock Engagement Order Management Reset Execution Execution Optimization Best-in-Class Online Experience OMNI-CHANNEL Q3 2020 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures Management of Lowe's Companies, Inc. (the Company) uses certain non-GAAP financial measures and considers them to be an important supplemental measure of the Company's performance. The…