Exhibit 99.1 PRESS RELEASE INVESTOR CONTACT: Lisa L. Ewbank Synopsys, Inc. 650-584-1901 Synopsys-ir@synopsys.com EDITORIAL CONTACT: Simone Souza Synopsys, Inc. 650-584-6454 simone@synopsys.com Synopsys Posts Financial Results for Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Q2 2020 Financial Highlights • Revenue: $861.3 million • GAAP earnings per share: $0.71 • Non-GAAP earnings per share: $1.22 MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. – May 20, 2020 – Synopsys, Inc. (Nasdaq: SNPS ) today reported results for its second quarter fiscal year 2020. Revenue for the second quarter was $861.3 million, compared to $836.2 million for the second quarter of fiscal 2019. “Synopsys continues to execute well. We delivered excellent second quarter results, including revenue, non-GAAP earnings per share and operating cash flow that exceeded our targets. Our innovation continues at a rapid pace, as we introduced several exciting new products in the quarter,” said Aart de Geus, chairman and co-CEO of Synopsys. “Even as the world grapples with unprecedented challenges, chip and system design activity remain robust. With a resilient business model and strong balance sheet, Synopsys is well-positioned to reaffirm our 2020 revenue and non-GAAP operating margin guidance and raise our non-GAAP earnings-per-share and operating cash flow targets.” GAAP Results On a generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) basis, net income for the second quarter of fiscal 2020 was $109.9 million, or $0.71 per share, compared to $118.2 million, or $0.77 per share, for the second quarter of fiscal 2019. 1 Non-GAAP Results On a non-GAAP basis, net income for the second quarter of fiscal 2020 was $188.3 million, or $1.22 per share, compared to non-GAAP net income of $178.1 million, or $1.16 per share, for the second quarter of fiscal 2019. For a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results, see “GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation” and the accompanying tables below. Business Segments Synopsys reports revenue and operating income in two segments: (1) Semiconductor & System Design, which includes EDA tools, IP products, system integration solutions and associated services, and (2) Software Integrity, which includes security and quality solutions for software development across many industries. Further information regarding these segments is provided at the end of this press release. Financial Targets Synopsys also provided its consolidated financial targets for the third quarter and full fiscal year 2020. These financial targets assume that the current U. S. government “Entity List” restrictions remain in place for the rest of the fiscal year. These targets constitute forward-looking statements and are based on current expectations. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these targets, see “Forward-Looking Statements” below. Third Quarter and Fiscal Year 2020 Financial Targets (in millions except per share amounts) Q3 FY2020 FY 2020 Low High Low High Revenue $ 875 $ 905 $ 3,600 $ 3,650 GAAP Expenses $ 721 $ 737 $ 2,991 $ 3,031 Non-GAAP Expenses $ 640 $ 650 $ 2,630 $ 2,660 Other Income (Expense) $ (5 ) $ (3 ) $ (11 ) $ (7 ) Normalized Annual Tax Rate (1) 16 % 16 % 16 % 16 % Outstanding Shares (fully diluted) 153 156 153 156 GAAP EPS $ 1.12 $ 1.22 $ 3.74 $ 3.90 Non-GAAP EPS $ 1.33 $ 1.38 $ 5.21 $ 5.28 Operating Cash Flow $ 815 $ 840 (1) Applied in non-GAAP net income calculations 2 Earnings Call Open to Investors Synopsys will hold a conference call for financial analysts and investors today at 2:00 p.m. Pacific Time. A live webcast of the call will be available on Synopsys’ corporate website at www.synopsys.com . A recording of the call will be available by calling +1-866-207-1041 (+1-402-970-0847 for international callers), access code 7617542, beginning at 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time today, until 11:59 p.m. Pacific Time on May 27, 2020. A webcast replay will also be available on the website from approximately 5:30 p.m. Pacific Time today through the time Synopsys announces its results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2020 in August 2020. Synopsys will post copies of the prepared remarks of Aart de Geus, chairman and co-chief executive officer, and Trac Pham, chief financial officer, on its website following today’s call. In addition, Synopsys makes additional information available in a financial supplement and corporate overview presentation, also posted on the corporate website. Effectiveness of Information The targets included in this press release, the statements made during the earnings conference call and the information contained in the financial supplement and corporate overview presentation (available in the Investor Relations section of Synopsys’ corporate website at www.synopsys.com) represent Synopsys’ expectations and beliefs as of the date of this release only. Although this press release, copies of the prepared remarks of the co-chief executive officer and chief financial officer made during the call, the financial supplement, and the corporate overview presentation will remain available on Synopsys’ website through the date of the third quarter fiscal year 2020 earnings call in August 2020, their continued availability through such date does not mean that Synopsys is reaffirming or confirming their continued validity. Synopsys does not currently intend to report on its progress during the third quarter of fiscal year 2020 or comment to analysts or investors on, or otherwise update, the targets given in this release. Availability of Final Financial Statements Synopsys will include final financial statements for the second quarter of fiscal year 2020 in its quarterly report on Form 10-Q to be filed by June 11, 2020. 3 About Synopsys Synopsys, Inc. (Nasdaq: SNPS) is the Silicon to Software ™ partner for innovative companies developing the electronic products and software applications we rely on every day. As the world’s 15th largest software company, Synopsys has a long history of being a global leader in electronic design automation (EDA) and semiconductor IP and is also growing its leadership in software security and quality solutions. Whether you’re a system-on-chip (SoC) designer creating advanced semiconductors, or a software developer writing applications that require the highest security and quality, Synopsys has the solutions needed to deliver innovative, high-quality, secure products. Learn more at www.synopsys.com . GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation Synopsys continues to provide all information required in accordance with GAAP but believes evaluating its ongoing operating results may not be as useful if an investor is limited to reviewing only GAAP financial measures. Accordingly, Synopsys presents non-GAAP financial measures in reporting its financial results to provide investors with an additional tool to evaluate Synopsys’ operating results in a manner that focuses on what Synopsys believes to be its core business operations and what Synopsys uses to evaluate its business operations and for internal planning and forecasting purposes. Synopsys’ management does not itself, nor does it suggest that investors should, consider such non-GAAP financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. Synopsys’ management believes it is useful for itself and investors to review, as applicable, both GAAP information that includes: (i) the amortization of acquired intangible assets, (ii) the impact of stock compensation, (iii) acquisition-related costs, (iv) restructuring charges, (v) the effects of certain settlements, final judgments and loss contingencies related to legal proceedings, and (vi) the income tax effect of non-GAAP pre-tax adjustments; and the non-GAAP measures that exclude such information in order to assess the performance of Synopsys’ business and for planning and forecasting in subsequent periods. Synopsys utilizes a normalized annual non-GAAP tax rate in the calculation of its non-GAAP measures to provide better consistency across interim reporting periods by eliminating the effects of non-recurring and period-specific items such as tax audit settlements, which can vary in size and frequency and not necessarily reflect our normal operations, and to more clearly align our tax rate with our expected geographic earnings mix. In projecting this rate, we evaluate our 4 historical and projected mix of U.S. and international profit before tax, excluding the non-GAAP adjustments described above. We also consider other factors including our current tax structure, our existing tax positions, and expected recurring tax incentives, such as the U.S. federal research and development tax credit. On an annual basis, we re-evaluate this rate for significant events that may materially affect our projections. Based upon our review, our projected normalized annual non-GAAP tax rate remains 16% through fiscal year 2021. We will re-evaluate this rate on an annual basis, but further regulatory guidance regarding specific parts of recent U.S. Tax reform legislation could materially change our projections. Whenever Synopsys uses a non-GAAP financial measure, it provides a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the most closely applicable GAAP financial measure. Investors are encouraged to review the related GAAP financial measures and the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure as detailed below, as well as

Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On May 20, 2020, Synopsys, Inc. (“ Synopsys ”) issued a press release announcing the financial results of its second fiscal quarter ended April 30, 2020. A copy of this press release is furnished and attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. The information in this Current Report, including the exhibit hereto, shall not be deemed to be “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section or Sections 11 and 12(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The information contained herein and in the accompanying exhibit shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Synopsys whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. The attached press release includes measures that are not in accordance with, or an alternative for, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“ GAAP ”). The attached press release includes non-GAAP earnings per share, non-GAAP net income, targeted non-GAAP expenses, and targeted non-GAAP earnings per share. These non-GAAP measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies. In addition, these non-GAAP measures are not based on any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles, and management exercises judgment in determining which items should be excluded in the calculation of non-GAAP measures. While we believe that non-GAAP measures have limitations in that they do not reflect all of the amounts associated with our results of operations as determined in accordance with GAAP, we believe that non-GAAP measures are valuable in analyzing our core operations. Management analyzes current and future results on a GAAP basis as well as a non-GAAP basis and also provides GAAP and non-GAAP measures in our earnings release. The presentation of non-GAAP financial information is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the directly comparable financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. The non-GAAP financial measures are meant to supplement, and be viewed in conjunction with, GAAP financial measures. We believe that the presentation of non-GAAP measures, when shown in…