8-K 1 form8-kq4fy19update.htm FORM 8-K Document UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, DC 20549 ______________ FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 28, 2019 NVIDIA CORPORATION (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 0-23985 94-3177549 (State or other jurisdiction (Commission (IRS Employer of incorporation) File Number) Identification No.) 2788 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara, CA 95051 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (408) 486-2000 Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: [ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging Growth Company o If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On January 28, 2019, NVIDIA Corporation, or the Company, issued a press release and shareholder letter updating its guidance for the quarter ended January 27, 2019. The press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. The shareholder letter is attached as Exhibit 99.2, is incorporated herein by reference, and will be posted to http://investor.nvidia.com immediately after the filing of this Current Report. The press release and shareholder letter are furnished and shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or subject to the liabilities of that Section or Sections 11 and 12(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The information in this Current Report shall not be incorporated by reference in any filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission made by the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits Exhibit Description 99.1 Press Release, dated January 28, 2019, entitled "NVIDIA Updates Financial Guidance for Fourth Quarter of Fiscal 2019" 99.2 NVIDIA Corporation Shareholder Letter, dated January 28, 2019 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. NVIDIA Corporation Date: January 28, 2019 By: /s/ Colette M. Kress Colette M. Kress Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

EX-99.1 2 pressrelease.htm PRESS RELEASE Exhibit NVIDIA Updates Financial Guidance for Fourth Quarter of Fiscal Year 2019 • Fourth quarter revenue expected to be $2.20 billion versus previous guidance of $2.70 billion • Gaming and Datacenter revenue below company’s expectations • Management to discuss reported financial results on Feb. 14 earnings call SANTA CLARA, Calif.-Jan. 28, 2019- NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA) today updated its financial guidance for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2019, reflecting weaker than forecasted sales of its Gaming and Datacenter platforms. In Gaming, NVIDIA’s previous fourth-quarter guidance had embedded a sequential decline due to excess mid-range channel inventory following the crypto-currency boom. The reduction in that inventory and its impact on the business have proceeded largely inline with management’s expectations. However, deteriorating macroeconomic conditions, particularly in China, impacted consumer demand for NVIDIA gaming GPUs. In addition, sales of certain high-end GPUs using NVIDIA’s new Turing TM architecture were lower than expected. These products deliver a revolutionary leap in performance and innovation with real-time ray tracing and AI, but some customers may have delayed their purchase while waiting for lower price points and further demonstrations of RTX technology in actual games. In Datacenter, revenue also came in short of expectations. A number of deals in the company’s forecast did not close in the last month of the quarter as customers shifted to a more cautious approach. Despite these near-term headwinds, NVIDIA has a large and expanding addressable market opportunity in AI and high performance computing, and the company believes its competitive position is intact. “Q4 was an extraordinary, unusually turbulent, and disappointing quarter,” said Jensen Huang, founder and CEO of NVIDIA. “Looking forward, we are confident in our strategies and growth drivers. “The foundation of our business is strong and more evident than ever - the accelerated computing model NVIDIA pioneered is the best path forward to serve the world’s insatiable computing needs. The markets we are creating - gaming, design, HPC, AI and autonomous vehicles - are important, growing and will be very large. We have excellent strategic positions in all of them,” he said. NVIDIA expects its GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin to be impacted by approximately $120 million in charges for excess DRAM and other components associated with the updated revenue guidance and current market conditions. The company will provide Q4 fiscal 2019 financial results and Q1 fiscal 2020 guidance on its earnings call scheduled for Feb. 14. Previous Q4 Fiscal 2019 Guidance Updated Q4 Fiscal 2019 Guidance Revenue $2.70 billion, plus or minus 2% $2.20 billion, plus or minus 2% Gross margin - GAAP Gross margin - non-GAAP 62.3%, plus or minus 50 bps 62.5%, plus or minus 50 bps 55.0%, plus or minus 100 bps 56.0%, plus or minus 100 bps Operating expenses - GAAP Operating expenses - non-GAAP $915 million $755 million $915 million $755 million GAAP and non-GAAP other income and expense $21 million $25 million GAAP and non-GAAP tax rate, excluding discrete items 8%, plus or minus 1% 6%, plus or minus 1% This update is an estimate, based on information available to management as of the date of this release, and is subject to further changes upon completion of the company’s standard quarter and year-end closing procedures. This update does not present all necessary information for an understanding of NVIDIA’s financial condition as of Jan. 27, 2019, or its results of operations for the quarter and fiscal year ended Jan. 27, 2019. As NVIDIA completes its year-end financials close process and finalizes its financial statements for the quarter and year ended Jan. 27, 2019, it will be required to make significant judgments in a number of areas. It is possible that NVIDIA may identify items that require it to make adjustments to the financial information set forth above and those changes could be material. NVIDIA does not intend to update such financial information prior to release of its fourth quarter and year-end financial statement information, which is currently scheduled for Feb. 14, 2019. Shareholder Letter A shareholder letter from NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang is available here . Conference Call and Webcast Information NVIDIA will conduct a conference call with analysts and investors to discuss its fourth quarter and fiscal year 2019 financial results and financial prospects on Feb. 14, 2019, at 2:30 p.m. Pacific time (5:30 p.m. Eastern time). A live webcast (listen-only mode) of the conference call will be accessible at NVIDIA’s investor relations website, http://investor.nvidia.com. Non-GAAP Measures In addition to U.S. GAAP financial measures, this press release includes preliminary estimates of non-GAAP measures of certain components of financial performance. These preliminary estimates of non-GAAP measures include non-GAAP gross margin, operating expenses, other income (expense) and income tax expense. These non-GAAP financial measures exclude stock-based compensation expense, legal settlement costs, acquisition-related and other costs, gains or losses from non-affiliated investments, interest expense related to amortization of debt discount and the associated tax impact of these items, where applicable. A preliminary updated reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP gross margin and GAAP to non-GAAP operating expenses is as follows: GAAP gross margin 55.0% Stock-based compensation expense, legal settlements and other costs 1.0% Non-GAAP gross margin 56.0% (In millions) GAAP operating expenses $915 Stock-based compensation expense, acquisition-related costs and other costs ($160) Non-GAAP operating expenses $755 NVIDIA believes the presentation of its non-GAAP financial measures enhances the user’s overall understanding of the company’s financial performance. The presentation of the company’s non-GAAP financial measures is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the company’s financial results prepared in accordance with GAAP, and the company’s non-GAAP measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies. Keep Current on NVIDIA Subscribe to the NVIDIA blog, follow us on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and Instagram, and view NVIDIA videos on YouTube and images on Flickr. About NVIDIA NVIDIA’s (NASDAQ: NVDA) invention of the GPU in 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined modern computer graphics and revolutionized parallel computing. More recently, GPU deep learning ignited modern AI - the next era of computing - with the GPU acting as the brain of computers, robots and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. More information at http://nvidianews.nvidia.com/. # # # For further information, contact: Simona Jankowski Robert Sherbin Investor Relations Corporate Communications NVIDIA Corporation NVIDIA Corporation sjankowski@nvidia.com rsherbin@nvidia.com Certain statements in this press release including, but not limited to, statements as to: NVIDIA’s revised financial guidance for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019; the demand for, and benefits and performance of, NVIDIA products; NVIDIA having a large and expanding addressable market opportunity in artificial intelligence and high performance computing; NVIDIA’s competitive position being intact; NVIDIA’s confidence in our strategies and growth drivers; the foundation of our business being strong; the accelerated computing model being the best path forward to serve the world’s computing needs; the size of the markets we are creating and that they are important and growing; and NVIDIA’s excellent strategic position are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause results to be materially different than expectations. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include: global economic conditions; our reliance on third parties to manufacture, assemble, package and test our products; the impact of technological development and competition; development of new products and technologies or enhancements to our existing product and technologies; market acceptance of our products or our partners’ products; design, manufacturing or software defects; changes in consumer preferences or demands; changes in industry standards and interfaces; unexpected loss of performance of our products or technologies when integrated into systems; as well as other factors detailed from time to time in the most recent reports NVIDIA files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, including, but not limited to, its annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Copies of reports filed with the SEC are posted on the company’s website and are available from NVIDIA without charge. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and speak only as of the date hereof, and, except as required by law, NVIDIA disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances. © 2019 NVIDIA Corporation. All rights reserved. NVIDIA, the NVIDIA logo and NVIDIA Turing are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of NVIDIA Corporation in the U.S. and other countries.

EX-99.2 3 shareholderletter.htm SHAREHOLDER LETTER Exhibit NVIDIA shareholders, We are lowering our revenue guidance for the fiscal 2019 fourth quarter to $2.2 billion, plus or minus two percent. We are disappointed to revise our guidance, which was already down significantly. It was a challenging quarter with several extraordinary dynamics. Let me explain what happened and outline the actions we are taking to get our company back to growth. The Q4 guidance we provided in November reflected the effect of excess channel inventory of Pascal mid-range GPUs that resulted from the sharp decline of cryptocurrency demand. We delayed the planned production ramp of several new products to allow excess channel inventory to deplete, which resulted in the significantly lowered Q4 guidance. Exiting Q3, we estimated channel inventory would be largely depleted within one to two quarters, or between February and April. Our view of that today remains unchanged. As we worked through Q4, the global economy decelerated sharply, particularly in China, affecting consumer demand for NVIDIA gaming GPUs. Also, with initial shipments of new high-end RTX GPUs selling above MSRP, some customers may have delayed their purchase while waiting for lower price points and further demonstrations of RTX technology in actual games. Datacenter customers buy NVIDIA GPUs for high performance computing, to train deep learning AI models, and to offer as a cloud computing service. Purchases can be large and are not always periodic or predictable. As the quarter progressed, customers around the world became increasingly cautious due to economic uncertainties. A number of deals did not close in the last month of the quarter. Macroeconomic factors are beyond our control. Even so, there are many ways we can grow. We are creating new capabilities for existing markets as well as growing into new markets. Let me outline some of the growth drivers for this year: • First, RTX 2060 for gaming launched at CES with excellent reviews. RTX 2060, priced at $349, is the first Turing ™ GPU for the mass market, offering millions of gamers the opportunity to upgrade. For the price of a console, gamers can enjoy next-generation gaming that does ray tracing graphics and AI. At CES, we demonstrated Battlefield V with RTX ray tracing at excellent frame rates. RTX 2060 is now available around the world and is off to a great start. • Second, we launched over 40 new models of GeForce RTX ™ gaming notebooks - more than doubling the number of GeForce-powered notebooks shipped last year. With our Max-Q platform technology, OEMs can make thin-and-light notebooks that gamers desire. Gaming notebooks represent one of the fastest growing PC segments, and the fastest growing GeForce segment. RTX notebooks will be available starting next week. • Third, Quadro RTX ™ will be the most significant workstation GPU upgrade in 10 years. Millions of designers and creative artists will, for the first time, be able to work interactively with super high-resolution media and photorealistic 3D rendering, bringing joy and productivity to their work. • Fourth, we announced new applications of our datacenter GPUs, including deep learning inference, data analytics, and machine learning, and we created partnerships to bring NVIDIA computing to global enterprise customers. We are working closely with hyperscalers around the world to integrate NVIDIA TensorRT ™ and GPUs into their inference production flow. Google TensorFlow is now integrated with NVIDIA TensorRT and Google Cloud Platform is the first CSP to announce availability of NVIDIA T4 Tensor Core GPUs in the cloud. Retail, healthcare, financial, and consumer internet services companies have enormous amounts of business data. They use machine learning to create predictive AI models from data. The compute time to process data and train their AI models can take days to weeks. NVIDIA can accelerate machine learning as we have done with deep learning. NVIDIA created RAPIDS ™ - a software stack to accelerate data analytics and machine learning frameworks. RAPIDS does for machine learning what cuDNN does for deep learning. Major cloud and enterprise data science platforms are integrating RAPIDS now, which will open this large market for NVIDIA GPUs. Enterprises around the world increasingly need high performance computing infrastructure to accelerate their data analytics and AI workloads. These systems are state-of-the-art, with complex integration of large-scale computing, networking, and storage software. And direct support is difficult as companies are in diverse industries and locations. We announced partnerships with Cisco, DataDirect Networks, IBM, NetApp, and Pure Storage to create pre-integrated systems that can be sold through their vast global IT channels. These datacenter initiatives - accelerating inference and machine learning, and leveraging partners to reach global enterprises - will grow our market and reduce the volatility of hyperscaler deals. • Finally, at CES we announced DRIVE ™ AutoPilot, the world’s first commercially available L2+ self-driving car computer. Systems from Tier 1 partners - Bosch, Continental, Desay, Veoneer, and ZF - were on display. Volvo was an L2+ design win. We announced Daimler at CES. DRIVE AutoPilot is a major milestone for us and takes our high-functioning self-driving capability into the mass market. Q4 was an extraordinary, unusually turbulent, and disappointing quarter. Looking forward, we are confident in our strategies and growth drivers. The foundation of our business is strong and more evident than ever - the accelerated computing model NVIDIA pioneered is the best path forward to serve the world’s insatiable computing needs. The markets we are creating - gaming, design, HPC, AI, and autonomous vehicles - are important, growing, and will be very large. We have excellent strategic positions in all of them. The NVIDIA you invested in has incredible talent doing important work for our future. The important work we do is only possible with your support. For that, we are tremendously appreciative. This quarter was a real punch in the gut. But your company is resilient, creative, and repeatedly rises to great challenges. We will shake this off and come back strong. Jensen Certain statements in this letter including, but not limited to, statements as to: NVIDIA’s revised financial outlook for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019; NVIDIA’s actions to get back to growth and its growth drivers; our view of the estimated time it will take for our channel inventory to deplete; the demand for NVIDIA products; NVIDIA’s growth opportunities remaining unchanged and significant; the benefits, performance, features and abilities of NVIDIA’s products, including the RTX 2060, GeForce RTX gaming notebooks, Quadro RTX, NVIDIA TensorRT, RAPIDS, DRIVE AutoPilot; the availability of RTX 2060, RTX notebooks, NVIDIA T4 Tensor Core GPUs and DRIVE AutoPilot; RTX 2060 being the first Turing GPU for the mass market and offering millions of gamers the opportunity to upgrade; Max-Q platform technology enabling OEMs to make thin-and-light notebooks that gamers desire; gaming notebooks representing one of the fastest growing PC segments and the fastest growing GeForce segment; Quadro RTX being the most significant workstation GPU upgrade in 10 years; the number of designers and creative artists who will be able to work interactively with super high-resolution media and photorealistic 3D rendering; our work with hyperscalers to integrate NVIDIA TensorRT and GPUs; the use of NVIDIA TensorRT; NVIDIA’s ability to accelerate machine learning; major cloud and enterprise data science platforms integrating RAPIDS and its effects; enterprises needing high performance computing infrastructure; datacenter initiatives growing our market and reducing volatility of hyperscaler deals; DRIVE AutoPilot taking our self-driving capability into the mass market; our confidence in our strategies and growth drivers; the foundation of our business being strong and the accelerated computed model being the best path forward to serve the world’s computing needs; the size that the markets we are creating will be and these markets being important and growing; our excellent strategic position; and our ability to shake off the quarter and bounce back are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause results to be materially different than expectations. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include: global economic conditions; our reliance on third parties to manufacture, assemble, package and test our products; the impact of technological development and competition; development of new products and technologies or enhancements to our existing product and technologies; market acceptance of our products or our partners’ products; design, manufacturing or software defects; changes in consumer preferences or demands; changes in industry standards and interfaces; unexpected loss of performance of our products or technologies when integrated into systems; as well as other factors detailed from time to time in the most recent reports NVIDIA files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, including, but not limited to, its annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Copies of reports filed with the SEC are posted on the company’s website and are available from NVIDIA without charge. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and speak only as of the date hereof, and, except as required by law, NVIDIA disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances. © 2019 NVIDIA Corporation. All rights reserved. NVIDIA, the NVIDIA logo, GeForce RTX, NVIDIA DRIVE, NVIDIA Turing, Quadro RTX, RAPIDS, and TensorRT are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of NVIDIA Corporation in the U.S. and other countries.