Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On July 27, 2017 , Intel Corporation (“Intel”) issued a press release announcing the financial results of its second quarter ended July 1, 2017 and forward-looking statements relating to its third quarter of 2017 and full year 2017 . A copy of this press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference herein. The attached press release includes non-GAAP financial measures relating to our operations and forecasted outlook. Certain of these non-GAAP terms will be used in Intel’s earnings conference for the second quarter of 2017. In addition, the attached press release includes reconciliations of these GAAP to non-GAAP measures, as well as an explanation of how management uses these non-GAAP measures and the reasons why management views these measures as providing useful information for investors. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP, and the financial results calculated in accordance with GAAP and reconciliations from Intel’s results should be carefully evaluated. The information in

Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference herein. The attached press release includes non-GAAP financial measures relating to our operations and forecasted outlook. Certain of these non-GAAP terms will be used in Intel’s earnings conference for the second quarter of 2017. In addition, the attached press release includes reconciliations of these GAAP to non-GAAP measures, as well as an explanation of how management uses these non-GAAP measures and the reasons why management views these measures as providing useful information for investors. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP, and the financial results calculated in accordance with GAAP and reconciliations from Intel’s results should be carefully evaluated. The information in