Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On July 31, 2024, Meta Platforms, Inc. ("Meta") issued a press release and will hold a conference call regarding its financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. The information furnished with this

Item 2.02, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any other filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. Meta is making reference to non-GAAP financial information in both the press release and the conference call. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results is provided in the attached Exhibit 99.1 press release. Meta uses the investor.fb.com and about.fb.com/news/ websites as well as Mark Zuckerberg's Facebook Page (facebook.com/zuck), Instagram account (instagram.com/zuck) and Threads profile (threads.net/zuck) as means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with its disclosure obligations under Regulation FD.

Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any other filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. Meta is making reference to non-GAAP financial information in both the press release and the conference call. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results is provided in the attached

Exhibit 99.1 press release. Meta uses the investor.fb.com and about.fb.com/news/ websites as well as Mark Zuckerberg's Facebook Page (facebook.com/zuck), Instagram account (instagram.com/zuck) and Threads profile (threads.net/zuck) as means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with its disclosure obligations under Regulation FD.