Exhibit 99.1 May 22, 2019 For 6:00 am ET Release LOWE’S REPORTS FIRST QUARTER SALES AND EARNINGS RESULTS -- Comparable Sales Increased 3.5 Percent; U.S. Comparable Sales Increased 4.2 Percent -- -- Diluted Earnings Per Share of $1.31 -- -- Adjusted Diluted Earnings Per Share 1 of $1.22 -- -- Updates Fiscal 2019 Business Outlook -- MOORESVILLE, N.C . - Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (NYSE: LOW) today reported net earnings of $1.0 billion and diluted earnings per share of $1.31 for the quarter ended May 3, 2019, compared to net earnings of $988 million and diluted earnings per share of $1.19 in the first quarter of 2018. The company previously announced its intention to exit its Mexico retail operations and had planned to sell the operating business. However, in the first quarter after an extensive market evaluation, the decision was made to instead sell the assets of the business. That decision resulted in an $82 million tax benefit in the quarter. The tax benefit offset $12 million of pre-tax operating costs for the Mexico retail operations in the quarter. Excluding the tax benefit and operating costs associated with the Mexico retail operations, adjusted diluted earnings per share 1 was $1.22. Sales for the first quarter increased 2.2 percent to $17.7 billion from $17.4 billion in the first quarter of 2018, and comparable sales increased 3.5 percent. Comparable sales for the U.S. home improvement business increased 4.2 percent. “Our first quarter comparable sales performance is a clear indication that the consumer is healthy and our focus on retail fundamentals is gaining traction. Our commitment to improving in-stocks and customer service coupled with our focus on winning with the pro customer were integral to driving improved sales,” commented Marvin R. Ellison, Lowe’s president and CEO. “However, the unanticipated impact of the convergence of cost pressure, significant transition in our merchandising organization, and ineffective legacy pricing tools and processes led to gross margin contraction in the quarter which impacted earnings. We are taking the necessary actions to more systematically analyze and implement retail price changes to mitigate cost pressure. Our recent acquisition of the Retail Analytics platform from Boomerang Commerce will also assist in modernizing and digitizing our approach to pricing. We are still in the early stages of our transformation, and with the changes we are putting in place, we expect to deliver improved gross margin performance over the balance of the year. “I would like to thank all of our associates for their commitment and dedication to serving our customers and the communities in which they live and work,” added Ellison. Delivering on its commitment to return excess cash to shareholders, the company repurchased $818 million of stock under its share repurchase program and paid $385 million in dividends in the first quarter. As of May 3, 2019 Lowe’s operated 2,002 home improvement and hardware stores in the United States and Canada representing 208.8 million square feet of retail selling space. A conference call to discuss first quarter 2019 operating results is scheduled for today (Wednesday, May 22) at 9:00 am ET. The conference call will be available by webcast and can be accessed by visiting Lowe’s website at www.Lowes.com/investor and clicking on Lowe’s First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call Webcast. Supplemental slides will be available approximately 15 minutes prior to the start of the conference call. A replay of the call will be archived on Lowes.com/investor until August 20, 2019. 1 Adjusted diluted earnings per share is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures Reconciliation” section of this release for additional information as well as reconciliations between the Company’s GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. Adoption of Lease Accounting Standard During the first quarter, the company adopted ASU No. 2016-02, which pertains to accounting for leases. Under the standard, lessees are required to recognize lease right of use assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet for all leases. The company adopted this standard and related amendments during the quarter using a prospective transition approach, which applies the provisions of the new standard at the effective date without adjusting the comparative periods. The adoption of the standard resulted in an increase in lease-related assets of $3.6 billion, and an increase in lease-related liabilities of $3.9 billion. The difference between the increases in lease-related assets and liabilities, net of the deferred tax impact, was recorded as an adjustment to beginning retained earnings in fiscal 2019. The standard had no impact on the company’s debt-covenant compliance under its current agreements. Lowe’s Business Outlook The company has updated its Fiscal Year 2019 Business Outlook to reflect the impact of the gross margin contraction identified in the first quarter. Fiscal Year 2019 (comparisons to fiscal year 2018) • Total sales are expected to increase approximately 2 percent. • Comparable sales are expected to increase approximately 3 percent. • Operating income as a percentage of sales (operating margin) is expected to increase 310 to 340 basis points. • Adjusted operating income as a percentage of sales (adjusted operating margin) is expected to increase 20 to 50 basis points. • The effective income tax rate is expected to be approximately 24%. • The target leverage ratio is 2.75x, therefore the company expects to repurchase approximately $4 billion of stock. • Diluted earnings per share of $5.54 to $5.74 are expected for the fiscal year ending Jan. 31, 2020. • Adjusted diluted earnings per share of $5.45 to $5.65 are expected for the fiscal year ending Jan. 31, 2020. Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This press release includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements including words such as “believe”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “plan”, “desire”, “project”, “estimate”, “intend”, “will”, “should”, “could”, “would”, “may”, “strategy”, “potential”, “opportunity” and similar expressions are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve estimates, expectations, projections, goals, forecasts, assumptions, risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results, Lowe’s plans, objectives, business outlook, priorities, expectations and intentions, expectations for sales growth, comparable sales, earnings and performance, shareholder value, capital expenditures, cash flows, the housing market, the home improvement industry, demand for services, share repurchases, Lowe’s strategic initiatives, including those relating to acquisitions and dispositions by Lowe’s and the expected impact of such transactions on our strategic and operational plans and financial results, and any statement of an assumption underlying any of the foregoing and other statements that are not historical facts. Although we believe that the expectations, opinions, projections and comments reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, such statements involve risks and uncertainties and we can give no assurance that such statements will prove to be correct. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. A wide variety of potential risks, uncertainties and other factors could materially affect our ability to achieve the results either expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements including, but not limited to, changes in general economic conditions, such as the rate of unemployment, interest rate and currency fluctuations, fuel and other energy costs, slower growth in personal income, changes in consumer spending, changes in the rate of housing turnover, the availability of consumer credit and of mortgage financing, inflation or deflation of commodity prices, recently enacted or proposed tariffs, disruptions caused by our recent management and key personnel changes, and other factors that can negatively affect our customers, as well as our ability to: (i) respond to adverse trends in the housing industry, a reduced rate of growth in household formation, and slower rates of growth in housing renovation and repair activity, as well as uneven recovery in commercial building activity; (ii) secure, develop, and otherwise implement new technologies and processes necessary to realize the benefits of our strategic initiatives focused on omni-channel sales and marketing presence and enhance our efficiency, and otherwise successfully execute on our strategy and implement our strategic initiatives, including acquisitions, dispositions and the closing of certain stores and facilities; (iii) attract, train, and retain highly-qualified associates; (iv) manage our business effectively as we adapt our operating model to meet the changing expectations of our customers; (v) maintain, improve, upgrade and protect our critical information systems from system outages, data security breaches, ransomware and other cyber threats; (vi) respond to fluctuations in the prices and availability of services, supplies, and products; (vii) respond to the growth and impact of competition; (viii) address changes in existing or new laws or regulations that affect consumer credit, employment/labor, trade, product safety, transportation/logistics, energy costs, health care, tax, environmental issues or privacy and data protection; (ix) positively and effectively manage our public image and reputation and respond appropriately to unanticipated failures to maintain a high level of product and service quality that could result in a negative impact on customer confidence and adversely affect sales; and (x) effectively manage our relationships with selected suppliers of brand name products and key vendors and service providers, including third party installers. In addition, we could experience impairment losses and other charges if either the actual results of our operating stores are not consistent with the assumptions and judgments we have made in estimating future cash flows and determining asset fair values, or we are required to reduce the carrying amount of our investment in certain unconsolidated entities. With respect to acquisitions and dispositions, potential risks include the effect of such transactions on Lowe’s and the target company’s or operating business’s strategic relationships, operating results and businesses generally; our ability to integrate or divest personnel, labor models, financial, IT and other systems successfully; disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of management; hiring additional management and other critical personnel; increasing or decreasing the scope, geographic diversity and complexity of our operations; significant integration or disposition costs or unknown liabilities; and failure to realize the expected benefits of the transaction. For more information about these and other risks and uncertainties that we are exposed to, you should read the “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates” included in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) and the description of material changes thereto, if any, included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or subsequent filings with the SEC. The forward-looking statements contained in this news release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary statements. The foregoing list of important factors that may affect future results is not exhaustive. When relying on forward-looking statements to make decisions, investors and others should carefully consider the foregoing factors and other…