Exhibit 99.1 PRESS RELEASE INVESTOR CONTACT : Lisa L. Ewbank Synopsys, Inc. 650-584-1901 Synopsys-ir@synopsys.com EDITORIAL CONTACT : Simone Souza Synopsys, Inc. 650-584-6454 simone@synopsys.com Synopsys Posts Financial Results for Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Q2 2018 Financial Highlights • Revenue: $776.8 million • GAAP earnings per share: $0.67 • Non-GAAP earnings per share: $1.08 MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. – May 23, 2018 – Synopsys, Inc. (Nasdaq: SNPS) today reported results for its second quarter of fiscal year 2018. Revenue came in at $776.8 million, compared to $680.1 million for the second quarter of fiscal 2017, an increase of approximately 14.2 percent. “Synopsys is hitting on all cylinders. We had an excellent fiscal second quarter, with strength across all geographies and product groups, and are raising our revenue and non-GAAP earnings per share guidance for the year. We also continued to return capital to shareholders through our previously announced accelerated share repurchase, as well as an open market purchase this quarter,” said Aart de Geus, chairman and co-CEO. “With the clear drive towards growing artificial intelligence applications and the resulting need for increased data capacity, semiconductor and systems companies are making substantial investments. In addition, software developers across many industries are highly sensitized to security challenges. Synopsys is thus ideally positioned to partner with our customers, with a second-to-none portfolio of EDA, IP and software security solutions.” 1 GAAP Results On a generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) basis, net income for the second quarter of fiscal 2018 was $102.5 million, or $0.67 per share, compared to $53.3 million, or $0.34 per share, for the second quarter of fiscal 2017. Non-GAAP Results On a non-GAAP basis, net income for the second quarter of fiscal 2018 was $165.0 million, or $1.08 per share, compared to non-GAAP net income of $135.8 million, or $0.88 per share, for the second quarter of fiscal 2017. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided later in this press release. Financial Targets Synopsys also provided its financial targets for the third quarter and full fiscal year 2018, which do not include any impact of future acquisition-related activities or costs. These targets constitute forward-looking statements and are based on current expectations. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these targets, see “Forward-Looking Statements” below. Third Quarter of Fiscal Year 2018 Targets : • Revenue: $760 million - $785 million • GAAP expenses: $669 million - $685 million • Non-GAAP expenses: $605 million - $615 million • Other income and expense: ($3) million – ($1) million • Annual tax rate applied in non-GAAP net income calculations: 13 percent • Fully diluted outstanding shares: 153 million - 156 million • GAAP earnings per share: $0.65 - $0.75 • Non-GAAP earnings per share: $0.89 - $0.93 Full Fiscal Year 2018 Targets: • Revenue: $3.07 billion - $3.10 billion 2 • Other income and expense: ($6) million – ($2) million • Annual tax rate applied in non-GAAP net income calculations: 13 percent • Fully diluted outstanding shares: 153 million - 156 million • GAAP earnings per share: $1.66 - $1.76 • Non-GAAP earnings per share: $3.76 - $3.83 • Cash flow from operations: $500 million - $550 million GAAP Reconciliation Synopsys continues to provide all information required in accordance with GAAP, but believes evaluating its ongoing operating results may not be as useful if an investor is limited to reviewing only GAAP financial measures. Accordingly, Synopsys presents non-GAAP financial measures in reporting its financial results to provide investors with an additional tool to evaluate Synopsys’ operating results in a manner that focuses on what Synopsys believes to be its core business operations and what Synopsys uses to evaluate its business operations and for internal planning and forecasting purposes. Synopsys’ management does not itself, nor does it suggest that investors should, consider such non-GAAP financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. Synopsys’ management believes it is useful for itself and investors to review, as applicable, both GAAP information that includes: (i) the amortization of acquired intangible assets, (ii) the impact of stock compensation, (iii) acquisition-related costs, (iv) restructuring charges, (v) the effects of certain settlements, final judgments and loss contingencies related to legal proceedings, (vi) the impact of a one-time transition tax resulting from U.S. tax reform (referred to as the “income tax related to transition tax”), (vii) the impact of a reduction in value of deferred tax assets caused by a reduction of the U.S. corporate tax rate (referred to as the “income tax related to tax rate change”), and (viii) the income tax effect of non-GAAP pre-tax adjustments; and the non-GAAP measures that exclude such information in order to assess the performance of Synopsys’ business and for planning and forecasting in subsequent periods. In fiscal 2016, Synopsys began utilizing a normalized annual non-GAAP tax rate in the calculation of its non-GAAP measures that is based on our projected annual tax rate through fiscal 2018. In projecting this rate, we evaluated our historical and projected mix of U.S. and international profit before tax, excluding the impact of stock-based compensation, the amortization of purchased intangibles and other non-GAAP adjustments described above. We also considered other factors including our current tax structure, our existing tax positions, and expected recurring tax incentives, such as the U.S. federal research and 3 development tax credit. On an annual basis we re-evaluate this rate for significant events that may materially affect our projections and, as a result of U.S. tax reform in December 2017, which lowered the U.S. statutory rate from 35% to 21%, we adjusted our normalized annual non-GAAP tax rate from 19% to 13% for fiscal 2018. We will re-evaluate this rate again for fiscal 2019, but we expect that our normalized annual non-GAAP tax rate will exceed 13%, but be below 19%, for fiscal 2019. Whenever Synopsys uses a non-GAAP financial measure, it provides a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the most closely applicable GAAP financial measure. Investors are encouraged to review the related GAAP financial measures and the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure as detailed below, as well as in

Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On May 23, 2018, Synopsys, Inc. (“ Synopsys ”) issued a press release announcing the financial results of its second fiscal quarter ended April 30, 2018. A copy of this press release is furnished and attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. The information in this Current Report, including the exhibit hereto, shall not be deemed to be “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section or Sections 11 and 12(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The information contained herein and in the accompanying exhibit shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Synopsys whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. The attached press release includes measures that are not in accordance with, or an alternative for, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“ GAAP ”). The attached press release includes non-GAAP earnings per share, non-GAAP net income, targeted non-GAAP expenses, and targeted non-GAAP earnings per share. These non-GAAP measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies. In addition, these non-GAAP measures are not based on any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles, and management exercises judgment in determining which items should be excluded in the calculation of non-GAAP measures. While we believe that non-GAAP measures have limitations in that they do not reflect all of the amounts associated with our results of operations as determined in accordance with GAAP, we believe that non-GAAP measures are valuable in analyzing our core operations. Management analyzes current and future results on a GAAP basis as well as a non-GAAP basis and also provides GAAP and non-GAAP measures in our earnings release. The presentation of non-GAAP financial information is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the directly comparable financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. The non-GAAP financial measures are meant to supplement, and be viewed in conjunction with, GAAP financial measures. We believe that the presentation of non-GAAP measures, when shown in conjunction with the corresponding GAAP measures, provides useful information to investors and management regarding financial and business trends relating to our financial condition and results of operations. Synopsys’ management evaluates and makes decisions about our business operations primarily based on the income and costs that management believes are directly related to Synopsys’ core operations. For our internal budgeting and resource allocation process, and in reviewing our financial results, we use non-GAAP financial measures that exclude: (i) the amortization of acquired intangible assets; (ii) the impact of stock compensation; (iii) acquisition-related costs; (iv) restructuring charges; (v) the effects of certain settlements, final judgments and loss contingencies related to legal proceedings; (vi) the impact of a one-time transition tax resulting from U.S. tax reform (referred to as the “income tax related to transition tax”); (vii) the impact of a reduction in value of deferred tax assets caused by a reduction of the U.S. corporate tax rate (referred to as the “income tax related to tax rate change”); and (viii) the income tax effect of non-GAAP pre-tax adjustments. In fiscal 2016, we began utilizing a normalized annual non-GAAP tax rate of 19% in calculating non-GAAP financial measures in order to provide better consistency across interim reporting periods by eliminating the effects of non-recurring and period-specific items, which can vary in size and frequency and not necessarily reflect our normal operations, and to more clearly align our tax rate with our expected geographic earnings mix. The normalized annual non-GAAP tax rate of 19% was based on our projected annual tax rate through fiscal 2018. On an annual basis we re-evaluate this rate for significant events that may materially affect our projections and, as a result of U.S. tax reform in December 2017, which lowered the U.S. federal statutory rate from 35% to 21%, we adjusted our normalized annual non-GAAP tax rate from 19% to 13% for fiscal 2018. We will re-evaluate this rate again for fiscal 2019, but we expect that our normalized annual non-GAAP tax rate will exceed 13%, but be below 19%, for fiscal 2019. We use these non-GAAP financial measures in making operating decisions because we believe the measures provide meaningful supplemental information regarding our core operational performance and give us a better understanding of how we should invest in research and development, as well as fund infrastructure and product and market strategies. We use these measures to help us make budgeting decisions, for example, among product development expenses and research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses. In addition, these non-GAAP financial…