Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On July 18, 2024, Netflix, Inc. (the “Company”) announced its financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. The Letter to Shareholders, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference, includes reference to the non-GAAP financial information. A reconciliation to the GAAP equivalent of non-GAAP measures is contained in tabular form in Exhibit 99.1. We are not able to reconcile forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures because we are unable to predict without unreasonable effort the exact amount or timing of the reconciling items, including property and equipment and change in other assets, and the impact of changes in currency exchange rates. The variability of these items could have a significant impact on our future GAAP financial results. The information contained in this

Item 2.02 and the accompanying Exhibit 99.1 are “furnished” and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing, unless expressly incorporated by specific reference in such filing.

Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference, includes reference to the non-GAAP financial information. A reconciliation to the GAAP equivalent of non-GAAP measures is contained in tabular form in

Exhibit 99.1. We are not able to reconcile forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures because we are unable to predict without unreasonable effort the exact amount or timing of the reconciling items, including property and equipment and change in other assets, and the impact of changes in currency exchange rates. The variability of these items could have a significant impact on our future GAAP financial results. The information contained in this

Exhibit 99.1 are “furnished” and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing, unless expressly incorporated by specific reference in such filing.

Exhibit 99.1 Letter to Shareholders dated July 18, 2024 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. NETFLIX, INC. Date: July 18, 2024 /s/ Spencer Neumann Spencer Neumann Chief Financial Officer EX-99.1 2 ex991_q224.htm EX-99.1 Document