Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition Attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 are Wells Fargo & Company (WFC) Revised Operating Segments Financial Data Tables for the quarterly and year-to-date periods for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015. These tables reflect revisions to our previously reported operating segment financial data for these periods to reflect a change, adopted in first quarter 2018, in our methodology for assigning funding charges and credits to our lines of business and for certain other reclassifications. Effective first quarter 2018, assets and liabilities will receive a funding charge or credit that considers interest rate risk, liquidity risk, and other product characteristics on a more granular level. This methodology change affects results across all three of our reportable operating segments. These tables are being furnished solely to facilitate period to period comparisons. WFC's previously reported consolidated financial results were not impacted by the methodology change; however, in connection with adoption of a new accounting standard in first quarter 2018, certain reclassifications will occur within noninterest income. This Form 8-K, including the attached Exhibit 99.1, is being “furnished” pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Act), and thus shall not be deemed to be “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Act or incorporated by reference into any filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Exhibit 99.1 are Wells Fargo & Company (WFC) Revised Operating Segments Financial Data Tables for the quarterly and year-to-date periods for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015. These tables reflect revisions to our previously reported operating segment financial data for these periods to reflect a change, adopted in first quarter 2018, in our methodology for assigning funding charges and credits to our lines of business and for certain other reclassifications. Effective first quarter 2018, assets and liabilities will receive a funding charge or credit that considers interest rate risk, liquidity risk, and other product characteristics on a more granular level. This methodology change affects results across all three of our reportable operating segments. These tables are being furnished solely to facilitate period to period comparisons. WFC's previously reported consolidated financial results were not impacted by the methodology change; however, in connection with adoption of a new accounting standard in first quarter 2018, certain reclassifications will occur within noninterest income. This Form 8-K, including the attached