Item 2.02. Results of Operations and Financial Condition Attached as an exhibit hereto are a press release and financial tables dated October 20, 2016 issued by Verizon Communications Inc. (Verizon). NON-GAAP MEASURES Verizon’s press release and financial tables include financial information prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) as well as non-GAAP financial information. It is management’s intent to provide non-GAAP financial information to enhance the understanding of Verizon’s GAAP financial information and it should be considered by the reader in addition to, but not instead of, the financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Each non-GAAP financial measure is presented along with the corresponding GAAP measure so as not to imply that more emphasis should be placed on the non-GAAP measure. We believe that non-GAAP measures provide relevant and useful information, which is used by management, investors and other users of our financial information in assessing both consolidated and segment performance. The non-GAAP financial information presented may be determined or calculated differently by other companies. Consolidated Operating Revenues Excluding Divested Businesses Verizon consolidated operating revenues excluding Divested Businesses is a non-GAAP financial measure that we believe is useful to management, investors and other users of our financial information in evaluating our revenue growth and trends on a comparable basis since the sale of local landline businesses in California, Florida and Texas (Divested Businesses) was completed on April 1, 2016. Consolidated operating revenues excluding Divested Businesses is calculated by subtracting operating revenues from the Divested Businesses from consolidated operating revenues. EBITDA and EBITDA Margin Verizon consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (Consolidated EBITDA), Consolidated EBITDA Margin, Segment EBITDA, and Segment EBITDA Margin are non-GAAP financial measures that we believe are useful to management, investors and other users of our financial information in evaluating operating profitability on a more variable cost basis as they exclude depreciation and amortization expense related primarily to capital expenditures and acquisitions that occurred in prior periods, as well as in evaluating operating performance in relation to Verizon’s competitors. Consolidated EBITDA is calculated by adding back interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization expense, equity in losses of unconsolidated businesses and other (income) and expense, net to net income. Consolidated EBITDA Margin is calculated by dividing Consolidated EBITDA by consolidated operating revenues. Segment EBITDA is calculated by adding back depreciation and amortization expense to segment operating income (loss). Segment EBITDA Margin is calculated by dividing Segment EBITDA by segment total operating revenues. Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA Verizon consolidated adjusted EBITDA (Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA) is a non-GAAP financial measure that we believe provides relevant and useful information to management, investors and other users of our financial information in evaluating the effectiveness of our operations and underlying business trends in a manner that is consistent with management’s evaluation of business performance. We believe Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA is widely used by investors to compare a company’s operating performance to its competitors by minimizing impacts caused by differences in capital structure, taxes and depreciation policies. Further, the exclusion of non-operational items and impact of Divested Businesses enable comparability to prior period performance and trend analysis. Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA is also used by rating agencies, lenders and other parties to evaluate our creditworthiness. Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA is calculated by excluding from Consolidated EBITDA the effect of (1) non-operational items such as actuarial gains or losses arising from the remeasurements of pension and other postretirement benefits, severance costs, gain on sale of Divested Businesses and net gain on spectrum license transactions; and (2) the impact of Divested Businesses. Actuarial gains or losses as a result of the remeasurements of pension and other postretirement benefits are included in our operating expenses and are measured based on projected discount rates and estimated returns on plan assets. Such estimates are updated at least annually at the end of the fiscal year to reflect actual discount rates and returns on plan assets or more frequently if significant events arise which require an interim remeasurement. We believe the exclusion of these remeasurement gains or losses enables management, investors and other users of our financial information to assess our sequential and year-over-year performance on a more comparable basis and is consistent with management’s own evaluation of performance. Net Debt and Net Debt to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA Ratio Net Debt and Net Debt to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA Ratio are non-GAAP financial measures that we believe are useful to management, investors and other users of our financial information in evaluating Verizon’s ability to service its debt. Net Debt is calculated by subtracting cash and cash equivalents from the sum of debt maturing within one year and long-term debt. For purposes of Net Debt to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA Ratio, Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA is calculated for the last twelve months. Adjusted Earnings per Common Share Adjusted Earnings per Common Share (Adjusted EPS) is a non-GAAP financial measure that we believe is useful to management, investors and other users of our financial information in evaluating our operating results and understanding our operating trends without the effect of non-operational items. We believe that excluding non-operational items provides more meaningful comparisons of our financial results from period to period. Adjusted EPS is calculated by excluding the effect of non-operational items such as actuarial gains or losses arising from the remeasurement of pension and other postretirement benefits and severance costs from the calculation of reported EPS. See the accompanying schedules for reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP.