Exhibit 99.1 News FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Media Contact Information: Sandy Pound Investor Contact Information: Rafael Tejada Phone: 781-622-1223 Phone: 781-622-1356 E-mail: sandy.pound@thermofisher.com E-mail: rafael.tejada@thermofisher.com Thermo Fisher Scientific Reports First Quarter 2021 Results WALTHAM, Mass. (April 29, 2021) – Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (NYSE: TMO), the world leader in serving science, today reported its financial results for the first quarter ended April 3, 2021. First Quarter 2021 Highlights • First quarter revenue increased 59% to $9.91 billion. • First quarter GAAP diluted earnings per share (EPS) increased 198% to $5.88. • First quarter adjusted EPS increased 145% to $7.21. • Continued significant role in enabling the COVID-19 response, helping to scale vaccine production and supporting testing globally, and accelerated growth in the base business. • Strong start to the year in terms of product launches including two Thermo Scientific Orbitrap Exploris Gas Chromatography-Mass Spectrometers, which bring high-resolution analysis to a range of applications, including toxicology and metabolomics, the Thermo Scientific Spectra Ultra electron microscope for improved throughput and workflow in materials science applications, the Kingfisher Apex Purification System for high throughput sample preparation and the Thermo Scientific AerosolSense Sampler, an in-air surveillance solution for pathogens, including SARS-CoV-2. • Continued to increase our capacity to meet customer demand. In the quarter, we began shipping single use technologies from our new facility in Suzhou to bioproduction customers in China. We also brought additional capacity online in Singapore for bioproduction and at two sites in North America for laboratory plastics. • Advanced our environmental, social and governance priorities and committed to an impact investment of $25 million in financial institutions focused on minority communities. • Very active capital deployment to start the year including repurchasing $2 billion of stock, increasing our dividend by 18% and completing the acquisition of Mesa Biotech, Inc., a point-of-care molecular diagnostic company. • After quarter end, announced an agreement to acquire PPD, Inc., a leading global provider of clinical research services, for $17.4 billion. Adjusted EPS, adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin and free cash flow are non-GAAP measures that exclude certain items detailed later in this press release under the heading “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures.” “We are off to an excellent start to the year. Market conditions are strong, and our team is executing at an incredibly high level. From a financial perspective, we again delivered exceptional growth in revenue, earnings and free cash flow for the quarter,” said Marc N. Casper, chairman, president and chief executive officer of Thermo Fisher Scientific. “We began accelerating our investments in talent, capabilities and capacity in the second half of 2020 and we are already starting to see the benefits of those actions which will ensure an even brighter future for our company.” Casper added, “I am also very excited about our recently announced agreement to acquire PPD, Inc. This is a great fit for our company and will strengthen our value proposition for our largest and fastest growing end market, provide exciting career opportunities for our colleagues, and create significant shareholder value.” First Quarter 2021 Revenue for the quarter grew 59% to $9.91 billion in 2021, versus $6.23 billion in 2020. Organic revenue growth was 53%; acquisitions increased revenue by 2% and currency translation increased revenue by 4%. GAAP Earnings Results GAAP diluted EPS in the first quarter of 2021 increased 198% to $5.88, versus $1.97 in the same quarter last year. GAAP operating income for the first quarter of 2021 was $3.05 billion, compared with $0.91 billion in the year-ago quarter. GAAP operating margin was 30.8%, compared with 14.5% in the first quarter of 2020. Non-GAAP Earnings Results Adjusted EPS in the first quarter of 2021 increased 145% to $7.21, versus $2.94 in the first quarter of 2020. Adjusted operating income for the first quarter of 2021 grew 155% compared with the year-ago quarter. Adjusted operating margin was 35.4%, compared with 22.1% in the first quarter of 2020. Annual Guidance for 2021 The company will provide updates on its 2021 financial guidance during its earnings conference call this morning at 8:30 a.m. Eastern time. Segment Results Management uses adjusted operating results to monitor and evaluate performance of the company’s four business segments, as highlighted below. Since these results are used for this purpose, they are also considered to be prepared in accordance with GAAP. Life Sciences Solutions Segment Life Sciences Solutions Segment revenue grew 137% to $4.20 billion in the first quarter of 2021, compared with revenue of $1.77 billion in the first quarter of 2020. Segment adjusted operating margin was 54.2%, versus 38.0% in the 2020 quarter. Analytical Instruments Segment Analytical Instruments Segment revenue grew 26% to $1.39 billion in the first quarter of 2021, compared with revenue of $1.10 billion in the first quarter of 2020. Segment adjusted operating margin was 19.6%, versus 15.5% in the 2020 quarter. Specialty Diagnostics Segment Specialty Diagnostics Segment revenue grew 69% to $1.62 billion in the first quarter of 2021, compared with revenue of $0.96 billion in the first quarter of 2020. Segment adjusted operating margin was 26.5%, versus 24.7% in the 2020 quarter. Laboratory Products and Services Segment Laboratory Products and Services Segment revenue grew 32% to $3.60 billion in the first quarter of 2021, compared with revenue of $2.73 billion in the first quarter of 2020. Segment adjusted operating margin was 14.8%, versus 10.8% in the 2020 quarter. Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures In addition to the financial measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), we use certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted EPS, adjusted operating income and adjusted operating margin, which exclude certain acquisition-related costs, including charges for the sale of inventories revalued at the date of acquisition and significant transaction costs; restructuring and other costs/income; and amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets. Adjusted EPS also excludes certain other gains and losses that are either isolated or cannot be expected to occur again with any predictability, tax provisions/benefits related to the previous items, and the impact of significant tax audits or events. We exclude the above items because they are outside of our normal operations and/or, in certain cases, are difficult to forecast accurately for future periods. We also use a non-GAAP measure, free cash flow, which is operating cash flow, excluding net capital expenditures to provide a view of the continuing operations’ ability to generate cash for use in acquisitions and other investing and financing activities. We believe that the use of non-GAAP measures helps investors to gain a better understanding of our core operating results and future prospects, consistent with how management measures and forecasts the company’s performance, especially when comparing such results to previous periods or forecasts. For example: We exclude costs and tax effects associated with restructuring activities, such as reducing overhead and consolidating facilities. We believe that the costs related to these restructuring activities are not indicative of our normal operating costs. We exclude certain acquisition-related costs, including charges for the sale of inventories revalued at the date of acquisition and significant transaction costs. We exclude these costs because we do not believe they are indicative of our normal operating costs. We exclude the expense and tax effects associated with the amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets because a significant portion of the purchase price for acquisitions may be allocated to intangible assets that have lives of 3 to 20 years. Based on acquisitions closed through the end of the first quarter of 2021, adjusted EPS will exclude approximately $3.45 of expense for the amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets. Exclusion of the amortization expense allows comparisons of operating results that are consistent over time for both our newly acquired and long-held businesses and with both acquisitive and non-acquisitive peer companies. We also exclude certain gains/losses and related tax effects, the impact of significant tax audits or events (such as changes in deferred taxes from enacted tax rate changes), which are either isolated or cannot be expected to occur again with any predictability and that we believe are not indicative of our normal operating gains and losses. For example, we exclude gains/losses from items such as the sale of a business or real estate, gains or losses on significant litigation-related matters, gains on curtailments of pension plans and the early retirement of debt. We also report free cash flow, which is operating cash flow, excluding net capital expenditures to provide a view of the continuing operations’ ability to generate cash for use in acquisitions and other investing and financing activities. Thermo Fisher’s management uses these non-GAAP measures, in addition to GAAP financial measures, as the basis for measuring the company’s core operating performance and comparing such performance to that of prior periods and to the performance of our competitors. Such measures are also used by management in their financial and operating decision-making and for compensation purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures of Thermo Fisher’s results of operations and cash flows included in this press release are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for Thermo Fisher’s results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of such non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are set forth in the accompanying tables. Thermo Fisher does not provide GAAP financial measures on a forward-looking basis because we are unable to predict with reasonable certainty and without unreasonable effort items such as the timing and amount of future restructuring actions and acquisition-related charges as well as gains or losses from sales of real estate and businesses, the early retirement of debt and the outcome of legal proceedings. The timing and amount of these items are uncertain and could be material to Thermo Fisher’s results computed in accordance with GAAP. Conference Call Thermo Fisher Scientific will hold its earnings conference call today, April 29, 2021, at 8:30 a.m. Eastern time. To listen, dial (833) 714-0931 within the U.S. or (778) 560-2662 outside the U.S. The conference ID is 7956359. You may also listen to the call live on our website, www.thermofisher.com, by clicking on “Investors.” You will find this press release, including the accompanying reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures and related information, in that section of our website under “Financial Results.” An audio archive of the call will be available under “Webcasts and Presentations” through Friday, May 14, 2021. About Thermo Fisher Scientific Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. is the world leader in serving science, with annual revenue exceeding $30 billion. Our Mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. Whether our customers are accelerating life sciences research, solving complex analytical challenges, improving patient diagnostics and therapies or increasing productivity in their laboratories, we are here to support them. Our global team of more than 80,000 colleagues delivers an unrivaled combination of innovative technologies, purchasing convenience and…