Item 2.02. Results of Operations and Financial Condition Attached as an exhibit hereto are a press release and financial tables dated April 22, 2022 issued by Verizon Communications Inc. (Verizon). Non-GAAP Measures Verizon’s press release and financial tables include financial information prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP) as well as non-GAAP financial information. It is management's intent to provide non-GAAP financial information to enhance the understanding of Verizon's GAAP financial information and it should be considered by the reader in addition to, but not instead of, the financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Each non-GAAP financial measure is presented along with the corresponding GAAP measure so as not to imply that more emphasis should be placed on the non-GAAP measure. We believe that providing these non-GAAP measures in addition to the GAAP measures allows management, investors and other users of our financial information to more fully and accurately assess both consolidated and segment performance. The non-GAAP financial information presented may be determined or calculated differently by other companies and may not be directly comparable to that of other companies. EBITDA and EBITDA Margin Related Non-GAAP Measures Consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA), Segment EBITDA and Segment EBITDA Margin are non-GAAP financial measures that we believe are useful to management, investors and other users of our financial information as they are widely accepted financial measures used in evaluating the profitability of a company and its operating performance in relation to its competitors. Consolidated EBITDA is calculated by adding back interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization expense to net income. Segment EBITDA is calculated by adding back segment depreciation and amortization expense to segment operating income. Segment EBITDA Margin is calculated by dividing Segment EBITDA by total segment operating revenues. Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA and Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA Growth Forecast Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA and Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA Growth Forecast are non-GAAP financial measures that we believe provide relevant and useful information to management, investors and other users of our financial information in evaluating the effectiveness of our operations and underlying business trends in a manner that is consistent with management’s evaluation of business performance. We believe that Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA and Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA Growth Forecast are used by investors to compare a company’s operating performance to its competitors by minimizing impacts caused by differences in capital structure, taxes and depreciation and amortization policies. Further, the exclusion of non-operational items and special items enables comparability to prior period performance and trend analysis. Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA is calculated by excluding from Consolidated EBITDA the effect of the following non-operational items: equity in losses and earnings of unconsolidated businesses and other income and expense, net, and the following special items: severance charges, loss on spectrum licenses and net gain from disposition of business. Severance charges recorded during 2021 relate to voluntary separations under our existing plans. Loss on spectrum licenses relates to the sale of certain wireless licenses in 2021. Net gain from disposition of business relates to the sale of Verizon Media in 2021. We have not provided a reconciliation for our Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA Growth Forecast because we cannot, without unreasonable effort, predict the special items that could arise during 2022. Net Unsecured Debt and Net Unsecured Debt to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA Ratio Net Unsecured Debt and Net Unsecured Debt to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA Ratio are non-GAAP financial measures that we believe are useful to management, investors and other users of our financial information in evaluating Verizon’s ability to service its unsecured debt from continuing operations. Net Unsecured Debt is calculated by subtracting secured debt and cash and cash equivalents from the sum of debt maturing within one year and long-term debt. Net Unsecured Debt to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA Ratio is calculated by dividing Net Unsecured Debt by Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA. For purposes of Net Unsecured Debt to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA Ratio, Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA is calculated for the last twelve months. Adjusted Earnings per Common Share (Adjusted EPS) and Adjusted EPS Forecast Adjusted EPS and Adjusted EPS Forecast are non-GAAP financial measures that we believe are useful to management, investors and other users of our financial information in evaluating our operating results and understanding our operating trends without the effect of special items which could vary from period to period. We believe excluding special items provides more comparable assessment of our financial results from period to period. Adjusted EPS is calculated by excluding from the calculation of reported EPS the effect of the following special items: amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, early debt redemption costs, and loss on spectrum licenses. Loss on spectrum licenses relates to the sale of certain wireless licenses in 2021. We exclude the amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets because the amount and timing of such charges are significantly impacted by the timing, size, number and nature of the acquisitions we consummate. While we have a history of significant acquisition activity, we do not acquire businesses on a predictable cycle, and the amount of an acquisition’s purchase price allocated to intangible assets and related amortization term are unique to each acquisition and can vary significantly from acquisition to acquisition. Exclusion of this amortization expense facilitates more consistent comparisons of operating results over time between our newly acquired and long-held businesses, and with both acquisitive and non-acquisitive peer companies. We believe that it is important for investors to understand that our non-GAAP financial measure adjusts for the intangible asset amortization but does not adjust the revenue that is generated in part from the use of such intangible assets. We have not provided a reconciliation for our Adjusted EPS Forecast because we cannot, without unreasonable effort, predict the special items that could arise during 2022. Adjusted Effective Income Tax Rate Attributable to Verizon Forecast (Adjusted ETR Forecast) Adjusted ETR Forecast is a non-GAAP financial measure that we believe is useful to management, investors and other users of our financial information in assessing our effective income tax rate without the effect of special items which could vary from period to period. Adjusted ETR Forecast is calculated by dividing the provision for income taxes by net income attributable to Verizon before tax after adjusting for the impact of special items. We have not provided a reconciliation for our Adjusted ETR Forecast because we cannot, without unreasonable effort, predict the special items that could arise during 2022. Free Cash Flow Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure that reflects an additional way of viewing our liquidity that, when viewed with our GAAP results, provides a more complete understanding of factors and trends affecting our cash flows. We believe it is a more conservative measure of cash flow since capital expenditures are necessary for ongoing operations. Free cash flow has limitations due to the fact that it does not represent the residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures. For example, free cash flow does not incorporate payments made on finance lease obligations or cash payments for acquisitions of businesses or wireless licenses. Therefore, we believe it is important to view free cash flow as a complement to our entire consolidated statements of cash flows. Free cash flow is calculated by subtracting capital expenditures (including capitalized software) from net cash provided by operating activities. See the accompanying schedules for reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP.