Exhibit 99.1 PRESS RELEASE INVESTOR CONTACT : Lisa L. Ewbank Synopsys, Inc. 650-584-1901 Synopsys-ir@synopsys.com EDITORIAL CONTACT : Carole Murchison Synopsys, Inc. 650-584-4632 carolem@synopsys.com Synopsys Posts Financial Results for Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2016 Q4 2016 Financial Highlights • Revenue: $633.7 million • GAAP earnings per share: $0.47 • Non-GAAP earnings per share: $0.77 FY 2016 Financial Highlights • Revenue: $2.42 billion • GAAP earnings per share: $1.73 • Non-GAAP earnings per share: $3.02 • Cash flow from operations: $586.6 million • Cash and short-term investments: $1.12 billion MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. – Nov. 30, 2016 – Synopsys, Inc. (Nasdaq: SNPS) today reported results for its fourth quarter and fiscal year 2016. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, Synopsys reported revenue of $633.7 million, compared to $587.2 million for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. Revenue for fiscal year 2016 was $2.42 billion, an increase of 8.0 percent from $2.24 billion in fiscal year 2015. “Synopsys reported a strong fourth quarter finish to an outstanding fiscal year 2016, in the context of a challenging semiconductor landscape. We enter 2017 with a solid technical and economic foundation,” said Aart de Geus, chairman and co-CEO of Synopsys. “During the year, we made very good progress with our design and verification products, delivered strong results in IP, and further scaled our software integrity solutions, including the acquisitions 1 of Cigital and Codiscope, which closed today. To drive long-term shareholder value, we also continue to successfully balance our investment priorities, including $400 million in share repurchases during fiscal year 2016.” GAAP Results On a generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) basis, net income for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 was $72.7 million, or $0.47 per share, compared to $49.8 million, or $0.31 per share, for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. GAAP net income for fiscal year 2016 was $266.8 million, or $1.73 per share, compared to $225.9 million, or $1.43 per share, for fiscal year 2015. Non-GAAP Results On a non-GAAP basis, net income for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 was $119.1 million, or $0.77 per share, compared to non-GAAP net income of $105.5 million, or $0.67 per share, for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. Non-GAAP net income for fiscal year 2016 was $466.8 million, or $3.02 per share, compared to non-GAAP net income of $438.4 million, or $2.77 per share, for fiscal year 2015. Reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided below. Financial Targets Synopsys also provided its financial targets for the first quarter and full fiscal year 2017. These targets include the estimated impact of the acquisitions of Cigital and Codiscope, but do not include any impact of future acquisition-related activities or costs that may be incurred during the remainder of fiscal year 2017. These targets constitute forward-looking statements and are based on current expectations. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these targets, see “Forward-Looking Statements” below. First Quarter of Fiscal Year 2017 Targets: • Revenue: $630 million - $645 million • GAAP expenses: $540 million - $558 million • Non-GAAP expenses: $485 million - $495 million • Other income and expense: $0 - $2 million • Normalized annual tax rate applied in non-GAAP net income calculations: 19 percent • Fully diluted outstanding shares: 152 million - 155 million • GAAP earnings per share: $0.43 - $0.50 • Non-GAAP earnings per share: $0.77 - $0.80 2 Full Fiscal Year 2017 Targets: • Revenue: $2.57 billion - $2.60 billion • Other income and expense: $0 - $4 million • Normalized annual tax rate applied in non-GAAP net income calculations: 19 percent • Fully diluted outstanding shares: 152 million - 155 million • GAAP earnings per share: $1.92 - $2.06 • Non-GAAP earnings per share: $3.16 - $3.23 • Cash flow from operations: approximately $500 million GAAP Reconciliation Synopsys continues to provide all information required in accordance with GAAP, but believes evaluating its ongoing operating results may not be as useful if an investor is limited to reviewing only GAAP financial measures. Accordingly, Synopsys presents non-GAAP financial measures in reporting its financial results to provide investors with an additional tool to evaluate Synopsys’ operating results in a manner that focuses on what Synopsys believes to be its core business operations and what Synopsys uses to evaluate its business operations and for internal planning and forecasting purposes. Synopsys’ management does not itself, nor does it suggest that investors should, consider such non-GAAP financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. Synopsys’ management believes it is useful for itself and investors to review, as applicable, both GAAP information that includes: (i) the amortization of acquired intangible assets, (ii) the impact of stock compensation, (iii) acquisition-related costs, and (iv) other significant items, including restructuring charges and, in fiscal 2015, certain adjustments for legal and tax matters. In fiscal 2015, the non-GAAP tax provision excluded the income tax effect of above-mentioned non-GAAP pre-tax adjustments as well as unusual or infrequent tax adjustments; and the non-GAAP measures that exclude such information in order to assess the performance of Synopsys’ business and for planning and forecasting in subsequent periods. In fiscal 2016, Synopsys began utilizing a normalized annual non-GAAP tax rate in the calculation of its non-GAAP measures that is based on our projected annual tax rate through fiscal 2018. In projecting this rate, we evaluated our historical and projected mix of U.S. and international profit before tax, excluding 3 the impact of stock-based compensation, the amortization of purchased intangibles and other non-GAAP adjustments described above. We also took into account other factors including our current tax structure, our existing tax positions, and expected recurring tax incentives, such as the U.S. federal research and development tax credit. We intend to re-evaluate this rate on an annual basis for any significant events that may materially affect our projections, such as significant changes in our geographic earnings mix or significant tax law changes in major jurisdictions where we operate. Whenever Synopsys uses a non-GAAP financial measure, it provides a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the most closely applicable GAAP financial measure. Investors are encouraged to review the related GAAP financial measures and the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure as detailed below, as well as

Item 2.02 of this Current Report, including the press release attached as an exhibit hereto, shall not be deemed to be “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section or Sections 11 and 12(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Furthermore, the information contained herein and in the accompanying exhibit shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Synopsys, Inc. whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. The attached press release includes measures that are not in accordance with, or an alternative for, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“ GAAP ”). The attached press release includes non-GAAP earnings per share, non-GAAP net income, targeted non-GAAP expenses, and targeted non-GAAP earnings per share. These non-GAAP measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative for, GAAP measures and may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies. In addition, these non-GAAP measures are not based on any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles, and management exercises judgment in determining which items should be excluded in the calculation of non-GAAP measures. While we believe that non-GAAP measures have limitations in that they do not reflect all of the amounts associated with our results of operations as determined in accordance with GAAP, we believe that non-GAAP measures are valuable in analyzing our core operations. Management analyzes current and future results on a GAAP basis as well as a non-GAAP basis and also provides GAAP and non-GAAP measures in our earnings release. The presentation of non-GAAP financial information is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the directly comparable financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. The non-GAAP financial measures are meant to supplement, and be viewed in conjunction with, GAAP financial measures. We believe that the presentation of non-GAAP measures, when shown in conjunction with the corresponding GAAP measures, provides useful information to investors and management regarding financial and business trends relating to our financial condition and results of operations. Synopsys’ management evaluates and makes decisions about our business operations primarily based on the income and costs that management believes are directly related to Synopsys’ core operations. For our internal budgeting and resource allocation process, and in reviewing our financial results, we use non-GAAP financial measures that exclude: (i) the amortization of acquired intangible assets; (ii) the impact of stock compensation; (iii) acquisition-related costs; and (iv) other significant items, including restructuring charges and, in fiscal 2015, certain accruals for legal and tax matters. In fiscal 2015, the non-GAAP tax provision excluded the income tax effect of the above-mentioned non-GAAP pre-tax adjustments as well as unusual or infrequent tax adjustments. In fiscal 2016, we began utilizing a normalized annual non-GAAP tax rate in calculating non-GAAP financial measures in order to provide better consistency across interim reporting periods by eliminating the effects of non-recurring and period-specific items, which can vary in size and frequency and not necessarily reflect our normal operations, and to more clearly align our tax rate with our expected geographic earnings mix. The normalized annual non-GAAP tax rate is 19% and is based on our projected annual tax rate through fiscal 2018. We intend to re-evaluate this rate on an annual basis for any significant events that may materially affect our projections, such as significant changes in our geographic earnings mix or significant tax law changes in major jurisdictions where we operate. We use these non-GAAP financial measures in making operating decisions because we believe the measures provide meaningful supplemental information regarding our core operational performance and give us a better understanding of how we should invest in research and development, fund infrastructure and product and market strategies. We use these measures to help us make budgeting decisions, for example, among product development expenses and research and development, sales and marketing and general and administrative expenses. In addition, these non-GAAP financial measures facilitate our internal comparisons to our historical operating results, forecasted targets and comparisons to competitors’ operating results. As described above, we exclude the following items from one or more of our non-GAAP measures: (i) Amortization of acquired intangible assets. We incur expenses from amortization of acquired intangible assets, which include contract rights, core/developed technology, trademarks, trade names, customer relationships, covenants not to compete,…