Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition On October 14, 2016, JPMorgan Chase & Co. (“JPMorgan Chase” or the “Firm”) reported 2016 third quarter net income of $6.3 billion, or $1.58 per share, compared with net income of $6.8 billion, or $1.68 per share, in the third quarter of 2015. A copy of the 2016 third quarter earnings release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1, and a copy of the earnings release financial supplement is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2. Each of the Exhibits provided with this Form 8-K shall be deemed to be “filed” for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. This Current Report on Form 8-K (including the Exhibits hereto) contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on the current beliefs and expectations of JPMorgan Chase’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause JPMorgan Chase’s actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in JPMorgan Chase’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016, which have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are available on JPMorgan Chase’s website ( http://investor.shareholder.com/jpmorganchase/sec.cfm ) and on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s website ( www.sec.gov ). JPMorgan Chase does not undertake to update the forward-looking statements to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that may arise after the date of the forward-looking statements.

Exhibit 99.2. Each of the Exhibits provided with this Form 8-K shall be deemed to be “filed” for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. This Current Report on Form 8-K (including the Exhibits hereto) contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on the current beliefs and expectations of JPMorgan Chase’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause JPMorgan Chase’s actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in JPMorgan Chase’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016, which have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are available on JPMorgan Chase’s website ( http://investor.shareholder.com/jpmorganchase/sec.cfm ) and on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s website ( www.sec.gov ). JPMorgan Chase does not undertake to update the forward-looking statements to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that may arise after the date of the forward-looking statements.