EXHIBIT 99.1 News Release News Release News Release News Release News Release News FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Media Contact : Marina H. Norville, marina.h.norville@aexp.com ,+1.212.640.2832 Investors/Analysts Contacts : Ken Paukowits, ken.f.paukowits@aexp.com , +1.212.640.6348 Toby Willard, sherwood.s.willardjr@aexp.com , +1.212.640.5574 AMERICAN EXPRESS REPORTS FIRST QUARTER EPS OF $1.34 CARD MEMBER SPENDING AND REVENUE PERFORMANCE ACCELERATE NEW CARD ACQUISITIONS AND CREDIT QUALITY REMAIN STRONG New York – April 19, 2017 - American Express Company (NYSE: AXP) today reported first-quarter net income of $1.2 billion, down 13 percent from $1.4 billion in the year-ago quarter, which included certain subsequently discontinued cobrand partnerships. Diluted earnings per share was $1.34, down 8 percent from $1.45 a year ago. First-quarter consolidated total revenues net of interest expense were $7.9 billion, down 2 percent from $8.1 billion a year ago. That compared to a year-over-year decline of 4 percent in the prior quarter. Excluding last year’s Costco-related business and the impact of foreign exchange rates, adjusted revenues net of interest expense grew 7 percent. 1 That is up from a year-over-year increase of 6 percent in the prior quarter. 1 Those increases primarily reflected higher adjusted Card Member spending and adjusted net interest income. Consolidated provisions for losses were $573 million, up 32 percent from $434 million a year ago. The increase primarily reflected higher loans, receivables and write-offs. Consolidated expenses were $5.5 billion, up 1 percent from a year ago. The current quarter reflected higher rewards expenses related to recent product enhancements. The prior year included a benefit of $127 million ($79 million after-tax) from a gain on the sale of the JetBlue cobrand portfolio and an $84 million ($55 million after-tax) restructuring charge. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 32 percent, down from 35 percent a year ago, due largely to the geographic mix of earnings and certain discrete tax items in the current quarter. The company’s return on average equity (ROE) was 25.1 percent, up from 23.6 percent a year ago. ____________________ 1 Adjusted revenues net of interest expense on an FX-adjusted basis, a non-GAAP measure, excludes from prior-year results estimated revenues from Costco in the United States, Costco U.S. cobrand Card Members and other merchants for out-of-store spend on the Costco cobrand card. Management believes adjusted revenues net of interest expense is useful in evaluating the ongoing operating performance of the company following the end of the Costco U.S. relationship. See footnote 2 for an explanation of FX-adjusted information and Appendix I for a reconciliation to total revenues net of interest expense on a GAAP basis. -1- “ Our first quarter performance marks a good start to the year with momentum in the consumer and commercial businesses in the U.S. and in key markets internationally,” said Kenneth I. Chenault, chairman and chief executive officer. “The results reflect many of the investments we’ve been making to grow the business, plus continued progress in reducing operating expenses. “Card Member spending grew 8 percent, adjusted for changes in foreign exchange rates and Costco-related business that was included in the prior year. Loans were up 11 percent and credit indicators remained best in class. “We acquired 2.6 million new cards across our global issuing businesses during the quarter and continued to broaden our reach among millennials with an expanded merchant network and enhanced benefits and services to earn a greater share of their wallet. “The last couple of years have been an important transition period and we’ve entered 2017 stronger, more focused and more resilient. There is still work to do, but our underlying performance this quarter gives me added confidence in our ability to deliver our 2017 EPS outlook of $5.60 -$5.80 and position American Express for sustainable growth in the years ahead.” Segment Results U.S. Consumer Services reported first-quarter net income of $469 million, down 32 percent from $694 million a year ago. The year-ago period included Costco-related revenues and expenses. Total revenues net of interest expense decreased 8 percent to $3.0 billion, from $3.3 billion a year ago. Provisions for losses totaled $294 million, up 55 percent from $190 million a year ago. The increase primarily reflected higher loans and write-offs. Total expenses were $2.0 billion, up 1 percent from a year ago. The year-ago quarter included Costco-related rewards, offset in part by the above-mentioned JetBlue gain. Rewards expenses in the current quarter included costs related to recent product enhancements. The effective tax rate was 33 percent compared to 36 percent a year ago International Consumer and Network Services reported first-quarter net income of $218 million, up 16 percent from $188 million a year ago. Total revenues net of interest expense were $1.4 billion, up 5 percent (up 6 percent FX-adjusted 2 ) from a year ago. The increase primarily reflected higher Card Member spending, net card fees and loans. ____________________ 2 As reported in this release, FX-adjusted information assumes a constant exchange rate between the periods being compared for purposes of currency translations into U.S. dollars (i.e., assumes the foreign exchange rates used to determine results for the three months ended March 31, 2017 apply to the period(s) against which such results are being compared). FX-adjusted revenues and expenses constitute non-GAAP measures. Management believes the presentation of information on an FX-adjusted basis is helpful to investors by making it easier to compare the company’s performance in one period to that of another period without the variability caused by fluctuations in currency exchange rates. -2- Provisions for losses totaled $66 million, down 7 percent from $71 million a year ago. Total expenses were $1.0 billion, up 3 percent (up 4 percent FX-adjusted 2 ) from a year ago. The increase primarily reflected rewards costs, driven by higher Card Member spending. The effective tax rate was 25 percent, compared to 26 percent a year ago. Global Commercial Services reported first-quarter net income of $418 million, down 14 percent from $485 million a year ago. The year-ago period included Costco-related revenues and expenses. Total revenues net of interest expense were $2.5 billion, up 3 percent from $2.4 billion a year ago, primarily reflecting higher Card Member spending. Provisions for losses totaled $208 million, up 30 percent from $160 million a year ago. The increase primarily reflected higher receivables, loans and write-offs, as well as a slight increase in delinquencies. Total expenses were $1.6 billion, up 10 percent from $1.5 billion a year ago. The increase primarily reflected higher rewards expenses, largely driven by recent product enhancements and higher Card Member spending. The effective tax rate was 34 percent, down from 36 percent a year ago. Global Merchant Services reported first-quarter net income of $363 million, up 2 percent from $357 million a year ago. Total revenues net of interest expense were $1.1 billion, down 2 percent from a year ago. The year-ago period included Costco-related revenues. Total expenses were $505 million, down 3 percent from $521 million a year ago. The decrease reflected lower marketing spending. The effective tax rate was 36 percent, down from 38 percent from a year ago. Corporate and Other reported first-quarter net loss of $231 million compared with net loss of $298 million a year ago. # # # -3- About American Express American Express is a global services company, providing customers with access to products, insights and experiences that enrich lives and build business success. Learn more at americanexpress.com , and connect with us on facebook.com/americanexpress , instagram.com/americanexpress , linkedin.com/company/american-express , twitter.com/americanexpress , and youtube.com/americanexpress . Key links to products, services and corporate responsibility information: charge and credit cards , business credit cards , Plenti rewards program , travel services , gift cards , prepaid cards , merchant services , Accertify , corporate card , business travel , and corporate responsibility . This earnings release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s statistical tables for the first-quarter 2017, available on the American Express website at http://ir.americanexpress.com and in a Form 8-K filed today with the Securities and Exchange Commission. An investor conference call will be held at 5:00 p.m. (ET) today to discuss first-quarter earnings results. Live audio and presentation slides for the investor conference call will be available to the general public on the above-mentioned American Express Investor Relations website. A replay of the conference call will be available later today at the same website address. ### CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements, which address the Company’s expected business and financial performance and which include management’s outlook for 2017, among other matters, contain words such as “believe,” “expect,” “estimate,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “plan,” “aim,” “will,” “may,” “should,” “could,” “would,” “likely” and similar expressions. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, include, but are not limited to, the following: · the Company’s ability to achieve its 2017 earnings per common share outlook as well as the earnings trajectory for 2017, which will depend in part on the following: revenues growing consistently with current expectations, which could be impacted by, among other things, weakening economic conditions in the United States or internationally, a decline in consumer confidence impacting the willingness and ability of Card Members to sustain and grow spending, the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, a greater erosion of the average discount rate than expected, a greater impact on discount revenue from cash back and cobrand partner and client incentive payments, more cautious spending by large and global corporate Card Members and lower spending on new cards acquired than estimated; the Company’s success in addressing competitive pressures and implementing its strategies and business initiatives, including growing profitable spending from new and existing Card Members, increasing penetration among middle market and small business clients, expanding the Company’s international footprint and increasing merchant acceptance; the level of spend in bonus categories on rewards-based and/or cash-back cards and redemptions of Card Member rewards and offers; the impact of any future contingencies, including, but not limited to, litigation-related settlements, judgments or expenses, impairments, the imposition of fines or civil money penalties, an increase in Card Member reimbursements and changes in reserves; write-downs of deferred tax assets as a result of tax law or other changes; credit performance remaining consistent with current expectations; continued growth of Card Member loans; the ability to continue to realize benefits from restructuring actions and operating leverage at levels consistent with current expectations; the amount the Company spends on Card Member engagement and the Company’s ability to drive growth from such investments; changes in interest rates beyond current…