Exhibit 99.1 Analog Devices Reports Third Quarter 2016 Results Revenue increases to $870 million, Free Cash Flow margin in the quarter increases over 600 basis points compared to the prior year NORWOOD, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--August 17, 2016--Analog Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ: ADI), today announced financial results for its third quarter of fiscal year 2016, which ended July 30, 2016. “We executed well in the third quarter and delivered revenue and diluted earnings per share results that exceeded our revised guidance,” said Vincent Roche, President and CEO. “During the quarter, we also announced the proposed acquisition of Linear Technology Corporation, a combination that will create a trusted analog industry leader, capable of delivering tremendous benefits to our customers, our employees, and our shareholders.” “Looking ahead to the October quarter, we are planning for revenue to increase sequentially, and be in the range of $910 million to $970 million. By end market, we expect the industrial, automotive, and communications infrastructure markets, in the aggregate, to remain largely stable to their third quarter levels, and to increase in the low-to-mid-single digits compared to the prior year. In the consumer market, strong customer demand in the portables sector leads us to plan for continued sequential revenue growth in this market.” ADI also announced that the Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.42 per outstanding share of common stock. The dividend will be paid on September 7, 2016 to all shareholders of record at the close of business on August 26, 2016. Results for the Third Quarter of Fiscal Year 2016 Revenue totaled $870 million, up 12% sequentially, and up 1% year-over-year Revenue in ADI’s B2B markets of industrial, automotive, and communications infrastructure totaled $683 million, down 2% sequentially, and up 4% year-over-year GAAP gross margin of 65.8% of revenue; Non-GAAP gross margin of 66.0% of revenue GAAP operating margin of 30.9% of revenue; Non-GAAP operating margin of 34.1% of revenue GAAP diluted EPS of $0.74; Non-GAAP diluted EPS of $0.82 Please refer to the schedules provided for a summary of revenue and earnings, selected balance sheet information, and the cash flow statement for the third quarter of fiscal year 2016, as well as the immediately prior and year-ago quarters. Additional information on revenue by end market is provided on Schedule D. Outlook for the Fourth Quarter of Fiscal Year 2016 The following statements are based on current expectations, and as indicated, are presented on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis. These statements are forward-looking and actual results may differ materially, as a result of, among other things, the important factors discussed at the end of this release. These statements supersede all prior statements regarding our business outlook set forth in prior ADI news releases, and ADI disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. GAAP Non-GAAP Adjustments Non-GAAP Revenue $910 million to $970 million - $910 million to $970 million Gross Margin approx. 65.2% $2.5 million (1) approx. 65.5% Operating Expenses Slightly up sequentially $17.5 million (1) Slightly up sequentially Interest & Other Expense $20.0 million - $20.0 million Tax Rate approx. 12.5% - approx. 12.0% Earnings per Share $0.78 to $0.88 $0.06 (2) $0.84 to $0.94 1. Reflects estimated adjustments for amortization of purchased intangible assets and depreciation of step up value on purchased fixed assets. 2. Represents estimated impact of expenses associated with non-GAAP adjustments on a per share basis. Conference Call Scheduled for Today, Wednesday, August 17, 2016 at 10:00 am ET ADI will host a conference call to discuss third quarter fiscal 2016 results and short-term outlook today, beginning at 10:00 am ET. Investors may join via webcast, accessible at investor.analog.com, or by telephone (call 706-634-7193 ten minutes before the call begins and provide the password "ADI"). A replay will be available two hours after the completion of the call. The replay may be accessed for up to two weeks by dialing 855-859-2056 (replay only) and providing the conference ID: 18291939 , or by visiting investor.analog.com. Non-GAAP Financial Information This release includes non-GAAP financial measures that are not in accordance with, nor an alternative to, generally accepted accounting principles and may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies. In addition, these non-GAAP measures are not based on any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles. Schedule E of this press release provides the reconciliation of the Company’s historical non-GAAP revenue and earnings measures to its GAAP measures. Management uses non-GAAP measures to evaluate the Company’s operating performance from continuing operations against past periods and to budget and allocate resources in future periods. These non-GAAP measures also assist management in evaluating the Company’s core business and trends across different reporting periods on a consistent basis. Management also believes that the presentation of these non-GAAP items is useful to investors because it provides investors with the operating results that management uses to manage the Company and enables investors and analysts to evaluate the Company’s core business. The following items are excluded from our non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP operating expenses, non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP operating margin, and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share: Acquisition-Related Expenses : Expenses incurred as a result of prior period acquisitions primarily include expense associated with the fair value adjustments to property, plant and equipment and amortization of acquisition related intangibles, which include acquired intangibles such as purchased technology and customer relationships. We excluded these costs from our non-GAAP measures because they relate to a specific transaction and are not reflective of our ongoing financial performance. The following items are excluded from our non-GAAP operating expenses, non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP operating margin, and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share: Acquisition-Related Transaction Costs: Costs incurred as a result of the Hittite acquisition and the proposed Linear Technology acquisition, including legal, accounting and other professional fees directly related to these acquisitions. We excluded these costs from our non-GAAP measures because they relate to specific transactions and are not reflective of our ongoing financial performance. Restructuring-Related Expenses: These expenses are incurred in connection with facility closures, consolidation of manufacturing facilities, severance, and other cost reduction efforts. We excluded these expenses from our non-GAAP measures because apart from ongoing expense savings as a result of such items, these expenses and the related tax effects have no direct correlation to the operation of our business in the future. The following items are excluded from our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share: Tax-Related Items: Tax adjustments associated with the non-GAAP items discussed above. We excluded these tax-related items from our non-GAAP measures because they are not associated with the tax expense on our current operating results. Analog Devices believes that these non-GAAP measures have material limitations in that they do not reflect all of the amounts associated with our results of operations as determined in accordance with GAAP and that these measures should only be used to evaluate our results of operations in conjunction with the corresponding GAAP measures. In addition, our non-GAAP measures may not be comparable to the non-GAAP measures reported by other companies. The Company’s use of non-GAAP measures, and the underlying methodology when excluding certain items, is not necessarily an indication of the results of operations that may be expected in the future, or that the Company will not, in fact, record such items in future periods. Investors should consider our non-GAAP financial measures in conjunction with the corresponding GAAP measures. Free cash flow is defined as cash provided by (used in) operating activities less capital expenditures. Schedule F of this press release provides a calculation of supplemental free cash flow measures. About Analog Devices Analog Devices designs and manufactures semiconductor products and solutions. We enable our customers to interpret the world around us by intelligently bridging the physical and digital with unmatched technologies that sense, measure and connect. Visit http://www.analog.com . Forward Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements, which address a variety of subjects including, for example, our statements regarding expected revenue, earnings per share, gross margin, operating expenses, interest and other expense, tax rate, and other financial results, expected operating leverage, production and inventory levels, expected market trends, and expected customer demand and order rates for our products, the proposed acquisition of Linear Technology Corporation (“Linear Technology”), the expected benefits and synergies of the transaction, expected growth rates of the combined companies, Analog Devices’ expected product offerings, product development, marketing position and technical advances resulting from the transaction. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about our beliefs, plans and expectations, are forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on our current expectations and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. The following important factors and uncertainties, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements: any faltering in global economic conditions or the stability of credit and financial markets, erosion of consumer confidence and declines in customer spending, unavailability of raw materials, services, supplies or manufacturing capacity, changes in geographic, product or customer mix, the ability to satisfy the conditions to closing of the proposed transaction with Linear Technology, on the expected timing or at all; the ability to obtain required regulatory approvals for the proposed transaction, on the expected timing or at all, including the potential for regulatory authorities to require divestitures in connection with the proposed transaction; the occurrence of any event that could give rise to the termination of the merger agreement with Linear Technology; the risk of stockholder litigation relating to the proposed transaction, including resulting expense or delay; higher than expected or unexpected costs associated with or relating to the transaction; the risk that expected benefits, synergies and growth prospects of the transaction may not be achieved in a timely manner, or at all; the risk that Linear Technology’s business may not be successfully integrated with Analog Devices’ following the closing; the risk that Analog Devices and Linear Technology will be unable to retain and hire key personnel; and the risk that disruption from the transaction may adversely affect Linear Technology’s or Analog Devices’ business and relationships with their customers, suppliers or employees. For additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to both Analog Devices’ and Linear Technology’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including the risk factors contained in each of Analog Devices’ and Linear Technology’s most recent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Annual Report on Form 10-K. Forward-looking statements represent management’s…