Exhibit 99.1 November 17, 2021 For 6:00 am ET Release LOWE’S REPORTS THIRD QUARTER 2021 SALES AND EARNINGS RESULTS — Consolidated Comparable Sales Increased 2.2%; U.S. Comparable Sales Increased 2.6% — — Represents U.S. Comparable Sales Increase on a Two-Year Basis of 33.7% — — Third Quarter Diluted EPS of $2.73 — — Raises Fiscal 2021 Financial Outlook — MOORESVILLE, N.C. - Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (NYSE: LOW) today reported net earnings of $1.9 billion and diluted earnings per share (EPS) of $2.73 for the quarter ended October 29, 2021 compared to net earnings of $692 million a nd diluted EPS of $0.91 in the third quarter of 2020 . Excluding charges in the prior-year period related to the extinguishment of debt, third quarter diluted EPS of $2.73 increased 38% from adjusted diluted EPS of $1.98 in the third quarter of 2020 1 . Total sales for the third quarter were $22.9 billion compared to $22.3 billion in the third quarter of 2020, and comparable sales increased 2.2%. Comparable sales for the U.S. home improvement business increased 2.6% for the third quarter. For the seventh consecutive quarter, 100% of Lowe’s stores earned a Winning Together profit-sharing bonus, resulting in an expected total payout o f $138 million to front-line hourly associates. This payment is $70 million above the target level. “Our momentum continued this quarter, with U.S. sales comps up nearly 34% on a two-year basis, as our Total Home strategy is resonating with the Pro and DIY customer alike. In the quarter, we drove over 16% growth in Pro and 25% on Lowes.com. We also delivered operating margin expansion by driving productivity through disciplined operational execution and cost management,” commented Marvin R. Ellison, Lowe’s chairman, president and CEO. “I would like to thank our front-line associates for their ongoing dedication to outstanding customer service. Looking forward, I remain confident in our ability to drive further market share gains, operating margin expansion, and long-term value for our shareholders.” Capital Allocation With a disciplined focus on its robust capital allocation program, the Company continues to create sustainable value for its shareholders. During the quarter, the Company repurchased 13.7 million shares for $2.9 billion and paid $563 million in dividends. Given its better-than-expected performance, the Company now plans to repurchase approximately $3 billion in shares in the fourth quarter, bringing the expected total share repurchases for the year to approximately $12 billion. This incremental share repurchase is consistent with the Company’s long-term commitment to returning excess capital to shareholders. As of October 29, 2021, Lowe’s operated 1,973 home improvement and hardware stores in the United States and Canada representing 208 million square feet of retail selling space, and it serviced approximately 230 dealer-owned stores. 1 Adjusted diluted earnings per share is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures Reconciliation” section of this release for additional information as well as reconciliations between the Company’s GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. Lowe’s Business Outlook The Company delivered very strong financial results through the first three quarters of 2021, with sales momentum continuing into November. While the business environment remains uncertain, the Company is once again raising its outlook for the operating results of Full Year Fiscal 2021. Full Year 2021 Financial Outlook (comparisons to full year 2020) • Revenue of approximately $95 billion, representing approximately 33% comparable sales growth on a two-year basis. • Gross margin rate up slightly, compared to prior year. • Operating income as a percentage of sales (operating margin) of 12.4%. • Total share repurchases of approximately $12 billion. For Fiscal 2021, the Compa ny expects capital expenditures of up to $2 billion. A conference call to discuss third quarter 2021 operating results is scheduled for today, Wednesday, November 17, at 9:00 am ET. The conference call will be available by webcast and can be accessed by visiting Lowe’s website at ir.lowes.com and clicking on Lowe’s Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call Webcast. Supplemental slides will be available approximately 15 minutes prior to the start of the conference call. A replay of the call will be archived at ir.lowes.com. Lowe’s Companies, Inc. Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (NYSE: LOW) is a FORTUNE® 50 home improvement company serving approximately 20 million customers a week in the United States and Canada. With fiscal year 2020 sales of nearly $90 billion, Lowe’s and its related businesses operate or service more than 2,200 home improvement and hardware stores and employ over 300,000 associates. Based in Mooresville, N.C., Lowe’s supports the communities it serves through programs focused on creating safe, affordable housing and helping to develop the next generation of skilled trade experts. For more information, visit Lowes.com. Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This press release includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements including words such as “believe”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “plan”, “desire”, “project”, “estimate”, “intend”, “will”, “should”, “could”, “would”, “may”, “strategy”, “potential”, “opportunity”, “outlook”, “scenario”, “ guidance”, and similar expressions are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve, among other things, expectations, projections, and assumptions about future financial and operating results, objectives, business outlook, priorities, sales growth, shareholder value, capital expenditures, cash flows, the housing market, the home improvement industry, demand for products and services, share repurchases, Lowe’s strategic initiatives, including those relating to acquisitions and dispositions and the impact of such transactions on our strategic and operational plans and financial results. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties and we can give no assurance that they will prove to be correct. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. A wide variety of potential risks, uncertainties, and other factors could materially affect our ability to achieve the results either expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements including, but not limited to, ch anges in general economic conditions, such as the rate of unemployment, interest rate and currency fluctuations, fuel and other energy costs, slower growth in personal income, changes in consumer spending, changes in the rate of housing turnover, the availability of consumer credit and of mortgage financing, changes in commodity prices, trade policy changes or additional tariffs, outbreaks of public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, availability and cost of goods from suppliers, and other factors that can negatively affect our customers. Investors and others should carefully consider the foregoing factors and other uncertainties, risks and potential events including, but not limited to, those described in “

Exhibit 99.2 Total Home Strategy Providing a full complement of products and services for Pros and Consumers alike, enabling a Total Home solution for every need in the home Market Share Acceleration Drive Pro penetration Accelerate online business Expand installation services Drive localization Elevate assortment Q3 2021 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measure Management of Lowe's Companies, Inc. (the Company) uses certain non-GAAP financial measures and considers them to be important supplemental measures of the Company's performance. The Company has presented the non-GAAP financial measure of adjusted diluted earnings per share for comparing its operating performance to the three months ended October 30, 2020. This measure excludes the impact of discrete items, further described below, not contemplated in Lowe's Business Outlook for the third quarter of fiscal 2020. This non-GAAP financial measure should not be considered an alternative to, or more meaningful indicator of, the Company's diluted earnings per share as prepared in accordance with GAAP. The Company's method of determining this non-GAAP financial measure may differ from the methods used by other companies and may not be comparable. Fiscal 2020 Impacts During fiscal 2020, the Company recognized financial impacts from the following discrete items, not contemplated in the Company's Business Outlook for the third quarter: • In the third quarter of fiscal 2020, the Company recognized a $1.1 billion loss on extinguishment of debt in connection with the cash tender offers on an aggregate principal amount of $3.0 billion in outstanding notes (Loss on extinguishment of debt). • Beginning in the third quarter of fiscal 2019, the Company began a strategic review of its Canadian operations, and in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, the Company announced additional actions to improve future performance and profitability of its Canadian operations. As a result of this review and related actions, in the third quarter of fiscal 2020, the Company recognized $13 million of pre-tax operating costs related to inventory write-downs and other closing costs (Canada restructuring). The following provides a reconciliation of the Company's non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure: Three Months Ended October 30, 2020 Adjusted Diluted Earnings Per Share Pre-Tax Earnings Tax 1 Net Earnings Diluted earnings per share, as reported $ 0.91 Loss on extinguishment of debt 1.40 (0.35) 1.05 Canada restructuring 0.02 — 0.02 Adjusted diluted earnings per share $ 1.98 1 Represents the corresponding tax benefit or expense related to the item excluded from adjusted diluted earnings per share. Forward-Looking Statements This presentation includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements including words such as “believe”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “plan”, “desire”, “project”, “estimate”, “intend”, “will”, “should”, “could”, “would”, “may”, “strategy”, “potential”, “opportunity”, “outlook”, “scenario”, “guidance”, and similar expressions are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve, among other things, expectations, projections, and assumptions about future financial and operating results, objectives, business outlook, priorities, sales growth, shareholder value, capital expenditures, cash flows, the housing market, the home improvement industry, demand for products and services, share repurchases, Lowe’s strategic initiatives, including those relating to acquisitions and dispositions and the impact of such transactions on our strategic and operational plans and financial results. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties and we can give no assurance that they will prove to be correct. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. A wide variety of potential risks, uncertainties, and other factors could materially affect our ability to achieve the results either expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements including, but not limited to, changes in general economic conditions, such as the rate of unemployment, interest rate and currency fluctuations, fuel and other energy costs, slower growth in personal income, changes in consumer spending, changes in the rate of housing turnover, the availability of consumer credit and of mortgage financing, changes in commodity prices, trade policy changes or additional tariffs, outbreaks of public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, availability and cost of goods from suppliers, and other factors that can negatively affect our customers. Investors and others should carefully consider the foregoing factors and other uncertainties, risks and potential…