Exhibit 99.1 PRESS RELEASE INVESTOR CONTACT: Trey Campbell Synopsys, Inc. 650-584-4289 Synopsys-ir@synopsys.com EDITORIAL CONTACT: Cara Walker Synopsys, Inc. 650-584-5000 corp-pr@synopsys.com Synopsys Posts Financial Results for Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Announces Sassine Ghazi to Assume President and CEO Role Effective Jan. 1, 2024 Q3 FY 2023 Summary • Record quarterly revenue of $1.487 billion, up 19% year over year. • GAAP earnings per diluted share of $2.17; non-GAAP earnings per diluted share of $2.88, exceeded high end of guidance. • Raising full-year 2023 revenue, non-GAAP operating margin improvement, and earnings guidance; committed to long-term model of double-digit annual revenue growth. SUNNYVALE, Calif. – Aug. 16, 2023 – Synopsys, Inc . (Nasdaq: SNPS ) today reported results for its third quarter of fiscal year 2023. Revenue for the third quarter of fiscal year 2023 was $1.487 billion, compared to $1.248 billion for the third quarter of fiscal year 2022. Also today, the company announced that its Board of Directors has appointed Sassine Ghazi as President and Chief Executive Officer effective on January 1, 2024. 1 “We achieved another record quarter as semi design starts and R&D investments continue, unabated, to capitalize on the AI-driven, ‘Smart Everything’ era,” said Aart de Geus, chair and CEO of Synopsys. “Our relentless drive for innovation has made us a catalyst for our customers, with excellent forward momentum for Synopsys. Against this backdrop, I am thrilled with Sassine’s transition into the CEO role. He’s a proven leader, innovator, and trusted partner who will further inspire and grow our company. Sassine has my full support!” 1 https://news.synopsys.com/2023-08-16-Synopsys-Announces-Sassine-Ghazi-to-Assume-President-and-CEO-Role-Jan-1,-2024 1 “I am incredibly honored, humbled, and profoundly grateful to the board, and Aart, for placing their unwavering trust in me,” said Sassine Ghazi, president and COO of Synopsys. “Aart built Synopsys from a disruptive start-up into one of the world’s essential semiconductor ecosystem companies. I am so proud to have been a part of that journey for the last 25 years. I am determined to build upon our strong foundation, drive innovation, and propel Synopsys to even greater heights of success.” Synopsys CFO, Shelagh Glaser, commented on the transition and the financial results: “I look forward to partnering with Aart and Sassine on this leadership transition as we continue to deliver value for shareholders and customers. We outperformed our financial guidance for the third quarter led by record revenue in design automation, which delivered its first billion-dollar-revenue quarter. Strong operational execution drove non-GAAP operating margin expansion of roughly four points year over year to 35.3%, and non-GAAP earnings per share were up an impressive 37% versus the prior year. We are raising our full-year guidance and expect revenue growth of 14-15%, and non-GAAP earnings per share growth of 24-25% year over year.” GAAP Results On a generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) basis, net income for the third quarter of fiscal year 2023 was $336.3 million, or $2.17 per diluted share, compared to $222.6 million, or $1.43 per diluted share, for the third quarter of fiscal year 2022. Non-GAAP Results On a non-GAAP basis, net income for the third quarter of fiscal year 2023 was $445.9 million, or $2.88 per diluted share, compared to non-GAAP net income of $327.4 million, or $2.10 per diluted share, for the third quarter of fiscal year 2022. For a reconciliation of net income, earnings per diluted share and other measures on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis, see “GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation” in the accompanying tables below. 2 Business Segments Synopsys reports revenue and operating income in three segments: (1) Design Automation, which includes digital and custom integrated circuit (IC) design software, verification hardware and software products, manufacturing-related design products, field-programmable gate array (FPGA) design software, optical products, professional services, and other; (2) Design IP, which includes our Synopsys IP portfolio; and (3) Software Integrity, which includes solutions that test software code for security vulnerabilities and quality defects, as well as professional and managed services. Further information regarding these segments is provided at the end of this press release. Financial Targets Synopsys also provided its consolidated financial targets for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2023. These financial targets assume no further changes to export control restrictions or the current U.S. government “Entity List” restrictions. These targets constitute forward-looking statements and are based on current expectations. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these targets, see “Forward-Looking Statements” below. Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2023 Financial Targets (1) (in millions except per share amounts) Range for Three Months Ending October 31, 2023 Range for Fiscal Year Ending October 31, 2023 Low High Low High Revenue $ 1,567 $ 1,597 $ 5,810 $ 5,840 GAAP Expenses $ 1,184 $ 1,204 $ 4,544 $ 4,564 Non-GAAP Expenses $ 1,005 $ 1,015 $ 3,780 $ 3,790 Non-GAAP Other Income (Expense) $ 1 $ 3 $ 10 $ 12 Non-GAAP Tax Rate 16 % 16 % 16 % 16 % Outstanding Shares (fully diluted) 155 157 155 157 GAAP EPS $ 2.17 $ 2.28 $ 7.85 $ 7.96 Non-GAAP EPS $ 3.01 $ 3.06 $ 11.04 $ 11.09 Operating Cash Flow ~ $1,650 (1) Synopsys’ fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023 and fiscal year 2023 will end on October 28, 2023. For presentation purposes, we refer to the closest calendar month end. For a reconciliation of Synopsys’ fourth quarter and fiscal year 2023 targets, including expenses, earnings per diluted share and other measures on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis, see “GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation” in the accompanying tables below. 3 Earnings Call Open to Investors Synopsys will hold a conference call for financial analysts and investors today at 2:00 p.m. Pacific Time. A live webcast of the call will be available on Synopsys’ corporate website at www.synopsys.com. A webcast replay will also be available on the corporate website from approximately 5:30 p.m. Pacific Time today through the time Synopsys announces its results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2023 in November 2023. Effectiveness of Information The targets included in this press release, the statements made during the earnings conference call, the information contained in the financial supplement and the corporate overview presentation, each of which are available on Synopsys’ corporate website at www.synopsys.com (collectively, the “ Earnings Materials ”), represent Synopsys’ expectations and beliefs as of August 16, 2023. Although these Earnings Materials will remain available on Synopsys’ website through the date of the earnings call for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2023, their continued availability through such date does not mean that Synopsys is reaffirming or confirming their continued validity. Synopsys undertakes no duty and does not intend to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information or future events, or otherwise update, the targets given in this press release unless required by law. Availability of Final Financial Statements Synopsys will include final financial statements for the third quarter of fiscal year 2023 in its quarterly report on Form 10-Q to be filed on or before September 7, 2023. About Synopsys Synopsys, Inc. (Nasdaq: SNPS) is the Silicon to Software ™ partner for innovative companies developing the electronic products and software applications we rely on every day. As an S&P 500 company, Synopsys has a long history of being a global leader in electronic design automation (EDA) and semiconductor IP and offers the industry’s broadest portfolio of application security testing tools and services. Whether you’re a system-on-chip (SoC) designer creating advanced semiconductors, or a software developer writing more secure, high-quality code, Synopsys has the solutions needed to deliver innovative products. Learn more at www.synopsys.com . 4 GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation Synopsys continues to provide all information required in accordance with GAAP, but acknowledges evaluating its ongoing operating results may not be as useful if an investor is limited to reviewing only GAAP financial measures. Accordingly, Synopsys presents non-GAAP financial measures in reporting its financial results to provide investors with an additional tool to evaluate Synopsys’ operating results in a manner that focuses on what Synopsys believes to be its core business operations and what Synopsys uses to evaluate its business operations and for internal budgeting and resource allocation purposes. These non-GAAP measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies. Synopsys’ management does not itself, nor does it suggest that investors should, consider such non-GAAP financial measures in isolation from, as superior to, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. Synopsys’ management believes it is useful for itself and investors to review, as applicable, both GAAP financial measures that include: (i) the amortization of acquired intangible assets, (ii) the impact of stock compensation, (iii) acquisition-related items, (iv) restructuring charges, (v) the effects of certain settlements, final judgments and loss contingencies related to legal proceedings, and (vi) the income tax effect of non-GAAP pre-tax adjustments, in each case as described further in

Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On August 16, 2023, Synopsys, Inc. (“ Synopsys ”, “ we ”, “ our ”, or “ us ”) issued a press release announcing the financial results of its third fiscal quarter ended July 31, 2023. A copy of the press release is furnished and attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. The information in this Current Report, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto and incorporated by reference herein, shall not be deemed to be “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section or Sections 11 and 12(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The information contained herein and in the accompanying exhibit shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Synopsys whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. The press release attached as Exhibit 99.1 includes measures that are not in accordance with, or an alternative for, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“ GAAP ,” such nonconforming measures, “ non-GAAP measures ”). The attached press release includes, among other non-GAAP measures, non-GAAP earnings per diluted share, non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP tax rate and non-GAAP operating margin for the periods presented. It also includes future estimated ranges for non-GAAP expenses, non-GAAP tax rate and non-GAAP earnings per diluted share. These non-GAAP measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies. In addition, these non-GAAP measures are not based on any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles, and management exercises judgment in determining which items should be excluded in the calculation of non-GAAP measures. While we acknowledge that non-GAAP measures have limitations in that they do not reflect all of the amounts associated with our results of operations as determined in accordance with GAAP, we believe that these non-GAAP measures are valuable in analyzing our core operations as further described…