Exhibit 99.01 Cadence Reports Third Quarter 2021 Financial Results SAN JOSE, Calif. — October 25, 2021 — Cadence Design Systems, Inc. (Nasdaq: CDNS) today announced results for the third quarter of 2021. Cadence reported third quarter 2021 revenue of $751 million, compared to revenue of $667 million for the same period in 2020. On a GAAP basis, Cadence achieved operating margin of 26 percent and recognized net income of $176 million, or $0.63 per share on a diluted basis, in the third quarter of 2021, compared to operating margin of 25 percent and net income of $162 million, or $0.58 per share on a diluted basis for the same period in 2020. Using the non-GAAP measure defined below, operating margin for the third quarter of 2021 was 36 percent and net income was $222 million, or $0.80 per share on a diluted basis, compared to operating margin of 36 percent and net income of $197 million, or $0.70 per share on a diluted basis, for the same period in 2020. “Cadence delivered stronger than expected financial results for the third quarter, fueled by accelerating demand for our highly differentiated solutions.” said Lip-Bu Tan, chief executive officer. “Design activity remains robust and the Cadence team continues to execute exceedingly well to our Intelligent System Design strategy.” “Delighting customers and accelerating growth requires a relentless commitment to innovation,” added Anirudh Devgan, president. “Our innovation pipeline continued to deliver, as we introduced four additional significant new products this quarter, including the revolutionary Integrity 3D-IC Platform.” “We exceeded our guidance on all key metrics for the third quarter and as a result, I am pleased to raise our outlook for the year,” said John Wall, senior vice president and chief financial officer. CFO Commentary Commentary on the third quarter 2021 financial results by John Wall, senior vice president and chief financial officer, is available at www.cadence.com/cadence/investor_relations. Business Outlook For the fourth quarter of 2021, the company expects total revenue in the range of $745 million to $765 million. Fourth quarter GAAP operating margin is expected to be approximately 24 percent and GAAP net income per diluted share is expected to be in the range of $0.49 to $0.53. Using the non-GAAP measure defined below, operating margin is expected to be approximately 35 percent and net income per diluted share is expected to be in the range of $0.76 to $0.80. For 2021, the company expects total revenue in the range of $2.96 billion to $2.98 billion. On a GAAP basis, operating margin is expected to be approximately 26 percent and GAAP net income per diluted share for 2021 is expected to be in the range of $2.36 to $2.40. Using the non-GAAP measure defined below, operating margin for 2021 is expected to be approximately 37 percent and net income per diluted share for 2021 is expected to be in the range of $3.24 to $3.28. Our fiscal years are 52- or 53-week periods ending on the Saturday closest to December 31. Fiscal 2021 will be a 52-week fiscal year. Fiscal 2020 was a 53-week fiscal year, with an additional week in our fourth quarter of 2020. A schedule showing a reconciliation of the business outlook from GAAP operating margin, GAAP net income and diluted net income per share to non-GAAP operating margin and non-GAAP net income and diluted net income per share is included in this release. Audio Webcast Scheduled Lip-Bu Tan, chief executive officer, Anirudh Devgan, president and John Wall, senior vice president and chief financial officer, will host the third quarter 2021 financial results audio webcast today, October 25, 2021, at 2 p.m. (Pacific) / 5 p.m. (Eastern). Attendees are asked to register at the website at least 10 minutes prior to the scheduled webcast. An archive of the webcast will be available starting October 25, 2021 at 5 p.m. (Pacific) and ending December 17, 2021 at 5 p.m. (Pacific). Webcast access is available at www.cadence.com/cadence/investor_relations. About Cadence Cadence is a pivotal leader in electronic design, building upon more than 30 years of computational software expertise. The company applies its underlying Intelligent System Design strategy to deliver software, hardware and IP that turn design concepts into reality. Cadence customers are the world’s most innovative companies, delivering extraordinary electronic products from chips to boards to systems for the most dynamic market applications, including consumer, hyperscale computing, 5G communications, automotive, mobile, aerospace, industrial and healthcare. For seven years in a row, Fortune magazine has named Cadence one of the 100 Best Companies to Work For. Learn more a t cadence.com . © 2021 Cadence Design Systems, Inc. All rights reserved worldwide. Cadence, the Cadence logo and the other Cadence marks found at www.cadence.com/go/trademarks are trademarks or registered trademarks of Cadence Design Systems, Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. This document includes forward-looking statements which are based on current expectations and preliminary assumptions that are subject to factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are outside Cadence’s control, including, among others: (i) Cadence’s ability to compete successfully in the highly competitive industries in which it operates; (ii) the success of Cadence’s efforts to maintain and improve operational efficiency and growth; (iii) the mix of products and services sold, the timing of orders and the ability to develop, install or deliver Cadence’s products or services; (iv) change in customer demands or supply constraints that could result in delays in purchases, development, installations or deliveries of Cadence's products or services, including those resulting from consolidation, restructurings and other operational efficiency improvements of Cadence’s customers; (v) economic and industry conditions, including that of the semiconductor and electronics industries, government regulations and trade restrictions; (vi) capital expenditure requirements, legislative or regulatory requirements, changes in tax laws, interest rates, currency exchange rate fluctuations and Cadence’s ability to access capital and debt markets; (vii) the acquisition of other companies or technologies or the failure to successfully integrate and operate them; (viii) events that affect cash flow, liquidity, or reserves, or settlement assumptions Cadence may take from time to time with respect to accounts receivable, taxes and tax examinations, litigation, regulatory or other matters; (ix) the effects of any litigation, regulatory or other proceedings to which Cadence is or may become a party; and (x) the duration, severity and effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and containment measures on Cadence, its employees, and its suppliers and customers, which may also have the effect of heightening the other risks described in this paragraph. In addition, the timing and amount of Cadence's repurchase of its common stock under the authorizations will be subject to business and market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, stock price, acquisition opportunities and other factors. For a detailed discussion of these and other cautionary statements related to Cadence’s business, please refer to Cadence’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, which include Cadence’s most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including Cadence’s future filings. GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation Non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered as a substitute for or superior to measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. Investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures contained within this press release with their most directly comparable GAAP financial results. Investors are also encouraged to look at the GAAP results as the best measure of financial performance. To supplement Cadence’s financial results presented on a GAAP basis, Cadence management uses non-GAAP measures that it believes are helpful in understanding Cadence’s performance. One such measure is non-GAAP net income, which is a financial measure not calculated under GAAP. Non-GAAP net income is calculated by Cadence management by taking GAAP net income and excluding, as applicable, amortization of intangible assets, stock-based compensation expense, acquisition and integration-related costs including retention expenses, investment gains or losses, income or expenses related to Cadence’s non-qualified deferred compensation plan, restructuring, executive severance and other significant items not directly related to Cadence’s core business operations, and the income tax effect of non-GAAP pre-tax adjustments. Cadence management uses non-GAAP net income because it excludes items that are generally not directly related to the performance of Cadence’s core business operations and therefore provides supplemental information to Cadence management and investors regarding the performance of the business operations, facilitates comparisons to the historical operating results and allows the review of Cadence's business from the same perspective as Cadence management, including forecasting and budgeting. The following tables reconcile the specific items excluded from GAAP operating margin, GAAP net income and GAAP net income per diluted share in the calculation of non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP net income per diluted share for the periods shown below: Operating Margin Reconciliation Three Months Ended October 2, 2021 September 26, 2020 (unaudited) GAAP operating margin as a percent of total revenue 26% 25% Reconciling items to non-GAAP operating margin as a percent of total revenue: Stock-based compensation expense 7% 7% Amortization of acquired intangibles 2% 3% Acquisition and integration-related costs 1% 1% Restructuring and other charges (credits) 0% 0% Non-qualified deferred compensation expenses (credits) 0% 0% Non-GAAP operating margin as a percent of total revenue 36% 36% Net Income Reconciliation Three Months Ended October 2, 2021 September 26, 2020 (in thousands) (unaudited) Net income on a GAAP basis $ 176,307 $ 161,630 Stock-based compensation expense 52,746 45,334 Amortization of acquired intangibles 16,774 15,885 Acquisition and integration-related costs 5,326 6,739 Restructuring and other charges (credits) (222) 13 Non-qualified deferred compensation expenses (credits) (351) 1,779 Other income or expense related to investments and non-qualified deferred compensation plan assets* 815 (876) Income tax effect of non-GAAP adjustments (29,817) (33,451) Net income on a non-GAAP basis $ 221,578 $ 197,053 * Includes, as applicable, equity in losses or income from investments, write-down of investments, gains or losses on investments and gains or losses on non-qualified deferred compensation plan assets recorded in other income or expense. Diluted Net Income Per Share Reconciliation Three Months Ended October 2, 2021 September 26, 2020 (in thousands, except per share data) (unaudited) Diluted net income per share on a GAAP basis $ 0.63 $ 0.58 Stock-based compensation expense 0.19 0.16 Amortization of acquired intangibles 0.06 0.06 Acquisition and integration-related costs 0.02 0.02 Restructuring and other charges (credits) — — Non-qualified deferred compensation expenses (credits) — — Other income or expense related to investments and non-qualified deferred compensation plan assets* — — Income tax effect of non-GAAP adjustments (0.10) (0.12) Diluted net income per share on a non-GAAP basis $ 0.80 $ 0.70 Shares used in calculation of diluted net income per…