Exhibit 99.1 IBM REPORTS 2018 SECOND-QUARTER RESULTS Revenue Up 4 Percent Year to Year; Strong Profit Performance Highlights · GAAP EPS from continuing operations of $2.61; Operating (non-GAAP) EPS of $3.08; both up 5 percent · GAAP Pre-tax income up 14 percent; Operating (non-GAAP) pre-tax income up 11 percent — Pre-tax margins expanded more than 100 basis points year to year · Revenue of $20.0 billion, up 4 percent (up 2 percent adjusting for currency) · Strategic imperatives revenue of $39.0 billion over last 12 months, up 15 percent (up 12 percent adjusting for currency); represents 48 percent of IBM revenue · Cloud revenue of $18.5 billion over last 12 months, up 23 percent (up 20 percent adjusting for currency) · As-a-service annual exit run rate for cloud revenue of $11.1 billion in the quarter, up 26 percent year to year (up 24 percent adjusting for currency) · Maintains full-year operating (non-GAAP) EPS and free cash flow expectations ARMONK, N.Y., July 18, 2018 . . . IBM (NYSE: IBM) today announced second-quarter results. “ We delivered strong revenue and profit growth in the quarter, underscoring IBM’s progress and momentum in the emerging, high-value segments of the IT industry,” said Ginni Rometty, IBM chairman, president and chief executive officer. “More clients are engaging IBM on their journey to the cloud, and deploying IBM Cloud, Watson AI, analytics, blockchain and security solutions. This demonstrates IBM’s unique leadership in providing innovative technology coupled with deep industry expertise, trust and security. ” SECOND QUARTER 2018 Pre-tax Gross Profit Diluted EPS Net Income Income Margin GAAP from Continuing Operations $ 2.61 $ 2.4 B $ 2.8 B 46.0 % Year/Year 5 % 3 % 14 % (0.5 )Pts Operating (Non-GAAP) $ 3.08 $ 2.8 B $ 3.4 B 46.5 % Year/Year 5 % 3 % 11 % (0.6 )Pts As-a-service Strategic annual exit REVENUE Total IBM Imperatives Cloud run rate As reported (US$) $ 20.0 B $ 10.1 B $ 4.7 B $ 11.1 B Year/Year 4 % 15 % 20 % 26 % Year/Year adjusting for currency 2 % 13 % 18 % 24 % “We increased revenue, grew pre-tax income double digits and expanded pre-tax income margins year to year, while continuing to invest in the business and return capital to shareholders,” said James Kavanaugh, IBM senior vice president and chief financial officer. “We remain focused on delivering consistent operational performance, in line with our longer-term model.” Strategic Imperatives Revenue Strategic imperatives revenue over the last 12 months was $39.0 billion, up 15 percent (up 12 percent adjusting for currency). Total cloud revenue over the last 12 months was $18.5 billion, up 23 percent (up 20 percent adjusting for currency), with $8.2 billion from hardware, software and services to enable IBM clients to implement hybrid cloud solutions across public, private and multi-cloud environments, and $10.4 billion delivered as a service. The annual exit run rate for as-a-service revenue increased in the quarter to $11.1 billion, up 26 percent (up 24 percent adjusting for currency). In the second quarter, revenues from analytics increased 7 percent to $5.4 billion (up 5 percent adjusting for currency); revenues from mobile increased 5 percent to $1.3 billion (up 3 percent adjusting for currency); and revenues from security increased 81 percent to $1.0 billion (up 79 percent adjusting for currency). Cash Flow and Balance Sheet In the second quarter, the company generated net cash from operating activities of $2.3 billion, or $2.9 billion, excluding Global Financing receivables. IBM’s free cash flow was $1.9 billion. IBM returned $2.4 billion to shareholders through $1.4 billion in dividends and $1.0 billion in gross share repurchases. At the end of June 2018, IBM had $2.0 billion remaining in the current share repurchase authorization. IBM ended the second quarter with $11.9 billion of cash on hand. Debt totaled $45.5 billion, including Global Financing debt of $31.1 billion. The balance sheet remains strong and is well positioned for the long term. Segment Results for Second Quarter · Cognitive Solutions (includes solutions software and transaction processing software) — revenues of $4.6 billion, flat year to year (down 1 percent adjusting for currency), with growth in analytics and industry vertical solutions led by financial services and IoT. · Global Business Services ( includes consulting, global process services and application management) — revenues of $4.2 billion, up 2 percent (flat year to year adjusting for currency), with growth in consulting driven by digital offerings. · Technology Services & Cloud Platforms ( includes infrastructure services, technical support services and integration software) — revenues of $8.6 billion, up 2 percent (flat year to year adjusting for currency). S trategic imperatives revenue grew 26 percent, led by hybrid cloud services, security and mobile. · Systems ( includes systems hardware and operating systems software) — revenues of $2.2 billion, up 25 percent (up 23 percent adjusting for currency) driven by growth in IBM Z, Power Systems and storage. · Global Financing (includes financing and used equipment sales) — revenues of $394 million, down 5 percent (down 6 percent adjusting for currency). Full-Year 2018 Expectations The company expects operating (non-GAAP) diluted earnings per share of at least $13.80 and GAAP diluted earnings per share of at least $11.60. Operating (non-GAAP) diluted earnings per share exclude $2.20 per share of charges for amortization of purchased intangible assets, other acquisition-related charges and retirement-related charges as well as impacts from the enactment of U.S. Tax Reform. IBM expects free cash flow of approximately $12 billion, with a realization rate greater than 100 percent. Year-To-Date 2018 Results Consolidated diluted earnings per share were $4.43 compared to $4.32, up 3 percent year to year. Consolidated net income was $4.1 billion, flat year to year. Revenues from continuing operations for the six-month period totaled $39.1 billion, an increase of 4 percent year to year (up 1 percent adjusting for currency) compared with $37.4 billion for the first six months of 2017. Operating (non-GAAP) diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $5.53 compared with $5.28 per diluted share for the 2017 period, an increase of 5 percent. Operating (non-GAAP) net income for the six months ended June 30, 2018 was $5.1 billion compared with $5.0 billion in the year-ago period, an increase of 2 percent. Forward-Looking and Cautionary Statements Except for the historical information and discussions contained herein, statements contained in this release may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are based on the company’s current assumptions regarding future business and financial performance. These statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially, including the following: a downturn in economic environment and client spending budgets; the company’s failure to meet growth and productivity objectives; a failure of the company’s innovation initiatives; damage to the company’s reputation; risks from investing in growth opportunities; failure of the company’s intellectual property portfolio to prevent competitive offerings and the failure of the company to obtain necessary licenses; cybersecurity and data privacy considerations; fluctuations in financial results, impact of local legal, economic, political and health conditions; adverse effects from environmental matters, tax matters and the company’s pension plans; ineffective internal controls; the company’s use of accounting estimates; the company’s ability to attract and retain key employees and its reliance on critical skills; impacts of relationships with critical suppliers; product quality issues; impacts of business with government clients; currency fluctuations and customer financing risks; impact of changes in market liquidity conditions and customer credit risk on receivables; reliance on third party distribution channels and ecosystems; the company’s ability to successfully manage acquisitions, alliances and dispositions; risks from legal proceedings; risk factors related to IBM securities; and other risks, uncertainties and factors discussed in the company’s Form 10-Qs, Form 10-K and in the company’s other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) or in materials incorporated therein by reference. Any forward-looking statement in this release speaks only as of the date on which it is made. The company assumes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. Presentation of Information in this Press Release In an effort to provide investors with additional information regarding the company’s results as determined by generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), the company has also disclosed in this press release the following non-GAAP information which management believes provides useful information to investors: IBM results — · presenting operating (non-GAAP) earnings per share amounts and related income statement items; · adjusting for free cash flow; · adjusting for currency (i.e., at constant currency). Free cash flow guidance is derived using an estimate of profit, working capital and operational cash outflows. The company views Global Financing receivables as a profit-generating investment, which it seeks to maximize and therefore it is not considered when formulating guidance for free cash flow. As a result, the company does not estimate a GAAP Net Cash from Operations expectation metric. The rationale for management’s use of these non-GAAP measures is included in

Exhibit 99.2 to the company’s Form 8-K submitted to the SEC on July 18, 2018. The reconciliation of non-GAAP information to GAAP is included on the slides entitled “Non-GAAP Supplemental Materials” in this presentation. For other related information please visit the Company’s investor relations web site at: http://www.ibm.com/investor/events/earnings/2q18.html Overview 3 2Q18 $20.0B Revenue $3.08 Operating EPS $12.6B Free Cash Flow Last 12 Months y Revenue up 4% yr/yr, up 2% at constant currency - Strategic imperatives revenue growth accelerated to 13% @cc, led by cloud and security - Cloud driven by as-a-Service growth of 24% @cc; total cloud revenue now $18.5B over last 12 months Strong profit performance and operating leverage - Operating pre-tax profit up 11%, operating pre-tax margin up 110 basis points - Pre-tax profit growth driven by gross profit and expense efficiencies Clients value IBM’s innovative technology + industry expertise + trust and security Maintaining full-year expectations for operating earnings per share and free cash flow y y y Operating Earnings per Share Drivers – 2Q17 to 2Q18 4 (0.22) 0.20 3.08 0.07 0.10 2Q17 Revenue @Actual Pre-Tax Margin Tax Shares 2Q18 • • • • Growth in revenue, operating gross profit, pre-tax income Solid pre-tax operating leverage Significant tax headwind driven by 2Q17 discrete tax benefit Mid-single digit EPS growth Sum of the components may not add due to the use of rounded numbers 2.94 Operating Leverage Key Financial Metrics 5 Last 12 B/(W) • • • Broad-based revenue growth across geographies and sectors Strong pre-tax profit growth with 2/3 from gross profit Gross margin performance driven by mix and investments; productivity benefits from 1Q18 actions to ramp in second half Expense performance reflects operational efficiency while maintaining high investment levels Free cash flow performance impacted by cash tax and capital investments P&L Ratios (Operating) • • Revenue growth rates @CC, $ in billions except for EPS GP Margin 46.5% (0.6 pts) Expense E/R 29.6% 1.7 pts PTI Margin 16.9% 1.1 pts Tax Rate 16.0% (6.7 pts) NI Margin 14.2% (0.1 pts) Cash Highlights 2Q18 Months Free Cash Flow (excl. GF…