Exhibit 99.1 Booking Holdings Reports Financial Results for 2 nd Quarter 2024 NORWALK, CT – August 1, 2024. . . Booking Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: BKNG) (the "Company," "we," "our," or "us") today reported its second quarter 2024 financ ial results: • Room nights booked increased 7% from the prior-year quarter. • Gross travel bookings, which refers to the total dollar value, generally inclusive of taxes and fees, of all travel services booked by our customers, net of cancellations, were $41.4 billion, an increase of 4% from the prior-year quarter (approximately a 6% increase on a constant-currency basis). • Total revenues were $5.9 billion, an increase of 7% from the prior-year quarter (approximately a 9% increase on a constant-currency basis) . • Net income was $1.5 billion, an increase of 18% from the prior-year quarter. • Net income per diluted common share (EPS) was $44.38, an increase of 27% from the prior-year quarter. • Adjusted Net income was $1.4 billion, an increase of 3% from the prior-year quarter. • Adjusted Net income per diluted common share (Adjusted EPS) was $41.90, an increase of 11% from the prior-year quarter. • Adjusted EBITDA was $1.9 billion, an increase of 7% from the prior-year quarter. The section below under the heading " Non-GAAP Financial Measures " provides definitions and information about the use of non-GAAP financial measures in this press release, including Adjusted Net income, Adjusted EPS and Adjusted EBITDA, and the attached financial and statistical supplement reconciles non-GAAP financial results with Booking Holdings' financial results under GAAP. "In the second quarter, our business continued to perform well with room nights, revenue, and operating income exceeding our prior expectations," said Glenn Fogel, Chief Executive Officer of Booking Holdings. "As always, we remain focused on what is important for the business for the long term, which means continuing to execute against our strategic initiatives while simultaneously taking actions to drive more cost efficiency in the business." Third Quarter Dividend Our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $8.75 per share, payable on September 30, 2024 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on September 6, 2024. 1 Non-GAAP Financial Measures The Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") and include all normal and recurring adjustments that management of the Company considers necessary for a fair presentation of its financial position and operating results. To supplement the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company uses the following non-GAAP financial measures: Adjusted Net income (loss), Adjusted EPS, Adjusted EBITDA and Free cash flow (Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities less capital expenditures). The presentation of non-GAAP financial information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. The Company uses non-GAAP financial measures for financial and operational decision-making and as a basis to evaluate performance and set targets for employee compensation programs. The Company believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are useful for analysts and investors to evaluate the Company's ongoing operating performance because they facilitate comparison of the Company's results for the current period and projected next-period results to those of prior periods and to those of its competitors (though other companies may calculate similar non-GAAP financial measures differently from those calculated by the Company). These non-GAAP financial measures, in particular Adjusted Net income (loss), Adjusted EBITDA and Free cash flow, are not intended to represent funds available for Booking Holdings' discretionary use and are not intended to represent or to be used as a substitute for Operating income (loss), Net income (loss) or Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities as measured under GAAP. The items excluded from these non-GAAP measures, but included in the calculation of their closest GAAP equivalent, are significant components of the Company's consolidated statements of operations and cash flows and must be considered in performing a comprehensive assessment of overall financial performance. Adjusted Net income (loss) is Net income (loss) with the following adjustments: • excludes accruals related to the Netherlands pension fund matter (recorded during the year ended December 31, 2023), • excludes accruals related to the fine imposed by the Spanish competition authority, • excludes accruals related to settlements of certain indirect tax matters, • excludes the termination fee related to an acquisition agreement, • excludes amortization expense of intangible assets, • excludes gains and losses on equity securities with readily determinable fair values, • excludes the impact, if any, of significant gains and losses on the sale of and impairment and credit losses on investments in available-for-sale debt securities and significant gains and losses on the sale of and impairment and other valuation adjustments on investments in equity securities without readily determinable fair values, • excludes foreign currency transaction gains and losses on the remeasurement of Euro-denominated debt and accrued interest that are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes and debt-related foreign currency derivative instruments used as economic hedges, • excludes accruals related to the Canadian digital services taxes for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023 enacted in June 2024 with retrospective effect, • excludes interest received on tax payments refunded pursuant to settlement with authorities, • excludes the impact of net unrecognized tax benefits related to certain income tax matters, and • the income tax impact of the non-GAAP adjustments mentioned above and changes in tax estimates, as applicable. In the event the Company reports a GAAP Net income but an Adjusted Net loss, dilutive shares that are included in the GAAP weighted-average number of diluted common shares outstanding are excluded from the non-GAAP weighted-average number of diluted common shares outstanding. In the event the Company reports a GAAP Net loss but an Adjusted Net income, anti-dilutive shares that are excluded from the GAAP weighted-average number of diluted common shares outstanding are included in the non-GAAP weighted-average number of diluted common shares outstanding. 2 In addition to the adjustments listed above regarding Adjusted Net income (loss), Adjusted EBITDA excludes depreciation expense, interest expense, and to the extent not included in the adjustments listed above, interest and dividend income, and income tax expense (benefit). We evaluate certain operating and financial measures on both an as-reported and constant-currency basis. We calculate constant currency based on the predominant transactional currency in each country, converting our current-year period results in currencies other than U.S. Dollars using the corresponding prior-year period monthly average exchange rates. The attached financial and statistical supplement includes reconciliations of our financial results under GAAP to non-GAAP financial information for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. We are not able to provide a reconciliation between forward-looking Adjusted EBITDA and GAAP Net income (loss) because we cannot predict certain components of such reconciliation without unreasonable effort as they arise from events in future periods. Information About Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements, which reflect the views of the Company's management regarding current expectations based on currently available information about future events. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties, such as: adverse changes in market conditions for travel services; the effects of competition; the Company's ability to manage growth and expand; adverse changes in relationships with third parties on which the Company depends; success of the Company's marketing efforts; rapid technological and other market changes; the Company's ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; impacts of impairments and changes in accounting estimates; and other business and industry changes. Other risks and uncertainties relate to cyberattacks and information security; taxes; laws and regulations; the Company's facilitation of payments; foreign currency exchange rates; the Company's debt levels and stock price volatility; and the success of the Company's investments and acquisition strategy. For a detailed discussion of these and other risk factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements included in this press release, refer to the Company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and any subsequently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Unless required by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. We will be posting our prepared remarks to the Booking Holdings investor relations website after the conclusion of the earnings call. About Booking Holdings Inc. Booking Holdings (NASDAQ: BKNG) is the world's leading provider of online travel and related services, provided to consumers and local partners in more than 220 countries and territories through five primary consumer-facing brands: Booking.com , Priceline , Agoda , KAYAK and OpenTable . The mission of Booking Holdings is to make it easier for everyone to experience the world. For more information, visit BookingHoldings.com and follow us on X @BookingHoldings. ### For Press Information : Leslie Cafferty communications@bookingholdings.com For Investor Relations : John Longstreet ir@bookingholdings.com #BKNG_Earnings 3 Booking Holdings Inc. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In millions, except share and per share data) June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 16,290 $ 12,107 Short-term investments (Available-for-sale debt securities: Amortized cost of $37 and $580, respectively) 37 576 Accounts receivable, net (Allowance for expected credit losses of $111 and $137, respectively) 3,814 3,253 Prepaid expenses, net 670 644 Other current assets 482 454 Total current assets 21,293 17,034 Property and equipment, net 875 784 Operating lease assets 637 705 Intangible assets, net 1,498 1,613 Goodwill 2,814 2,826 Long-term investments 468 440 Other assets, net 956 940 Total assets $ 28,541 $ 24,342 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT Current liabilities: Accounts payable $ 3,928 $ 3,480 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 3,900 4,635 Deferred merchant bookings 6,931 3,254 Short-term debt 3,447 1,961 Total current liabilities 18,206 13,330 Deferred income taxes 264 258 Operating lease liabilities 529 599 Long-term U.S. transition tax liability 257 515 Other long-term liabilities 200 161 Long-term debt 13,361 12,223 Total liabilities 32,817 27,086 Commitments and contingencies Stockholders' deficit: Common stock, $0.008 par value, Authorized shares: 1,000,000,000 Issued shares: 64,258,892 and 64,048,000, respectively — — Treasury stock: 30,622,956 and 29,650,351 shares, respectively (44,958) (41,426) Additional paid-in capital 7,479 7,175 Retained earnings 33,527 31,830 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (324) (323) Total stockholders' deficit (4,276) (2,744) Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit $ 28,541 $ 24,342 4 Booking Holdings Inc. UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF…