Exhibit 99.1 Contact: Investor Relations (408) 523-2161 INTUITIVE ANNOUNCES SECOND QUARTER EARNINGS SUNNYVALE, CALIF. July 21, 2020 – Intuitive (the “Company”) (Nasdaq: ISRG), a global technology leader in minimally invasive care and the pioneer of robotic-assisted surgery, today announced financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2020. Q2 Highlights • Worldwide da Vinci procedures decreased approximately 19% compared with the second quarter of 2019, primarily as a result of the significant disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. • The Company shipped 178 da Vinci Surgical Systems, a decrease of 35% compared with 273 in the second quarter of 2019. • The Company grew its da Vinci Surgical System installed base to 5,764 systems as of June 30, 2020, an increase of 9% compared with 5,270 as of the end of the second quarter of 2019. • Second quarter 2020 revenue of $852 million decreased 22% compared with $1,099 million in the second quarter of 2019. Second quarter 2020 revenue included a $59 million decrease in service revenue relating to our previously announced Customer Relief Program. • Second quarter 2020 GAAP net income was $68 million, or $0.57 per diluted share, compared with $318 million, or $2.67 per diluted share, in the second quarter of 2019. • Second quarter 2020 non-GAAP* net income was $132 million, or $1.11 per diluted share, compared with $388 million, or $3.25 per diluted share, in the second quarter of 2019. • Second quarter 2020 GAAP and non-GAAP* net income includes $37 million, or $0.31 per diluted share, of discrete income tax expense arising from the conclusion of a tax case between an independent third party and the IRS related to charging foreign subsidiaries for shared-based compensation. Q2 Financial Summary Gross profit, income from operations, net income, net income per diluted share, and diluted shares are reported on a GAAP and non-GAAP* basis. The non-GAAP* measures are described below and are reconciled to the corresponding GAAP measures at the end of this release. Second quarter 2020 revenue was $852 million, a decrease of 22% compared with $1,099 million in the second quarter of 2019. Lower second quarter revenue was driven by lower procedures volume and system placements, primarily as a result of the significant disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as a $59 million decrease in service revenue related to service fee credits from the previously announced Customer Relief Program. Second quarter 2020 instruments and accessories revenue decreased by 20% to $461 million, compared with $579 million in the second quarter of 2019, primarily driven by an approximately 19% decline in da Vinci procedure volume. Second quarter 2020 systems revenue decreased by 24% to $261 million, compared with $344 million in the second quarter of 2019. The Company shipped 178 da Vinci Surgical Systems in the second quarter of 2020, compared with 273 systems in the second quarter of 2019. The second quarter 2020 system shipments included 52 systems shipped under operating lease and usage-based arrangements, compared with 88 systems in the second quarter of 2019. Second quarter 2020 GAAP income from operations decreased to $81 million, compared with $359 million in the second quarter of 2019, primarily as a result of the significant disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and the effects of the Customer Relief Program. Second quarter 2020 GAAP income from operations included share-based compensation expense of $96 million, compared with $82 million in the second quarter of 2019. Second quarter 2020 non-GAAP* income from operations decreased to $193 million, compared with $455 million in the second quarter of 2019. Second quarter 2020 GAAP net income was $68 million, or $0.57 per diluted share, compared with $318 million, or $2.67 per diluted share, in the second quarter of 2019. Second quarter 2020 GAAP net income included excess tax benefits of $32 million, or $0.26 per share, compared with $11 million, or $0.09 per share, in the second quarter of 2019. Page 1 of 8 Second quarter 2020 non-GAAP* net income was $132 million, or $1.11 per diluted share, compared with $388 million, or $3.25 per diluted share, in the second quarter of 2019. Second quarter 2020 GAAP and non-GAAP* net income includes $37 million, or $0.31 per diluted share, of discrete income tax expense arising from the conclusion of a tax case between an independent third party and the IRS related to charging foreign subsidiaries for share-based compensation. The Company ended the second quarter of 2020 with $6.1 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and investments, an increase of $179 million during the quarter, primarily driven by cash generated from operations. Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic During the first six months of 2020 , the Company experienced a significant decline in procedure volume and postponements of system placements, as healthcare systems around the world diverted resources to meet the increasing demands of managing COVID-19. The impact and timing of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company's business differs by geography. In the U.S., for example, while da Vinci procedures recovered a significant portion of the pre-COVID-19 levels, the resurgence of COVID-19 in some states has, and will likely continue to, adversely impact the Company’s procedure volumes. Due to the continued uncertainty around the scope and duration of the pandemic and the timing of global recovery and economic normalization, we cannot, at this time, reliably estimate the future impact on our operations and financial results. Additional supplemental financial and procedure information has been posted to the Investor Relations section of the Intuitive website at https://isrg.gcs-web.com/. Instruments Update Today, the Company introduced its "Extended Use Program" under which the Company plans to introduce select Xi/X instruments possessing 12 to 18 uses compared to the current 10 use instruments. The program will begin in the fourth quarter of 2020. The Extended Use Program instruments represent some of our higher volume instruments and exclude stapling, monopolar, and advanced energy instruments. Instruments included in the program are used across a number of da Vinci surgeries. Their increased uses are the result of continuous, significant investments in the design and production capabilities of the Company's instruments, resulting in improved quality and durability. In addition, in the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company will lower the price of certain other instruments that are most commonly used in lower acuity procedures. These actions will reduce the cost for customers to treat patients, which, in turn, will reduce the Company’s revenue per procedure. The Company has posted information regarding these updates on its website. “Intuitive continues to deliver programs and solutions to meet the clinical and economic needs of our hospital and healthcare system customers," said Intuitive CEO Gary Guthart. “We remain committed to our mission to advance minimally invasive care and to address the long-term need to improve patient outcomes.” Webcast and Conference Call Information Intuitive will hold a teleconference at 1:30 p.m. PDT today to discuss the second quarter 2020 financial results. The call will be webcast by Nasdaq OMX and can be accessed on Intuitive’s website at www.intuitive.com or by dialing (877) 692-8955 using the access code 4083020. About Intuitive Intuitive (Nasdaq: ISRG), headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, is a global technology leader in minimally invasive care and the pioneer of robotic-assisted surgery. At Intuitive, we believe that minimally invasive care is life-enhancing care. Through ingenuity and intelligent technology, we expand the potential of physicians to heal without constraints. Intuitive brings more than two decades of leadership in robotic-assisted surgical technology and solutions to its offerings and develops, manufactures, and markets the da Vinci Surgical System and the Ion endoluminal system. Da Vinci ® and Ion TM are trademarks or registered trademarks of Intuitive Surgical, Inc. For more information, please visit the Company’s website at www.intuitive.com. Page 2 of 8 Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are necessarily estimates reflecting the best judgment of the Company's management and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements related to the expected impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, the strength of our long-term fundamentals, the potential decline of procedure volume, our acquisitions, expected new product introductions, procedures and procedure adoption, future results of operations, future financial position, our ability to increase our revenues, the anticipated mix of our revenues between product and service revenues, our financing plans and future capital requirements, anticipated costs of revenue, anticipated expenses, our potential tax assets or liabilities, the effect of recent accounting pronouncements, our investments, anticipated cash flows, our ability to finance operations from cash flows and similar matters, and statements based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about the economies and markets in which we operate and our beliefs and assumptions regarding these economies and markets. These forward-looking statements should, therefore, be considered in light of various important factors, including, but not limited to, the following: our ability to obtain accurate procedure volume in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic; the risk that the COVID-19 pandemic could lead to further material delays and cancellations of, or reduced demand for, procedures; curtailed or delayed capital spending by hospitals; disruption to our supply chain; closures of our facilities; delays in surgeon training; delays in gathering clinical evidence; the evaluation of the risks of robotic-assisted surgery in the presence of infectious diseases; diversion of management and other resources to respond to the COVID-19 outbreak; the impact of global and regional economic and credit market conditions on healthcare spending; the risk that the COVID-19 pandemic disrupts local economies and causes economies in our key markets to enter prolonged recessions; healthcare reform legislation in the U.S. and its impact on hospital spending, reimbursement, and fees levied on certain medical device revenues; changes in hospital admissions and actions by payers to limit or manage surgical procedures; the timing and success of product development and market acceptance of developed products; the results of any collaborations, in-licensing arrangements, joint ventures, strategic alliances, or partnerships, including the joint venture with Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.; our completion of and ability to successfully integrate acquisitions, including Schölly Fiberoptic's robotic endoscope business and Orpheus Medical; procedure counts; regulatory approvals, clearances, and restrictions or any dispute that may occur with any regulatory body; guidelines and recommendations in the healthcare and patient communities; intellectual property positions and litigation; competition in the medical device industry and in the specific markets of surgery in which we operate; risks associated with our operations outside of the United States; unanticipated manufacturing disruptions or the inability to meet demand for products; our reliance on sole and single source suppliers; the results of legal proceedings to which we are or may become a party; product liability and other litigation claims; adverse publicity regarding us and the…