Exhibit 99.1 PRESS RELEASE INVESTOR CONTACT : Lisa L. Ewbank Synopsys, Inc. 650-584-1901 Synopsys-ir@synopsys.com EDITORIAL CONTACT : Carole Murchison Synopsys, Inc. 650-584-4632 carolem@synopsys.com Synopsys Posts Financial Results for Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Q3 2017 Financial Highlights • Revenue: $695.4 million • GAAP earnings per share: $0.75 • Non-GAAP earnings per share: $0.92 MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. – Aug. 16, 2017 – Synopsys, Inc. (Nasdaq: SNPS) today reported results for its third quarter of fiscal year 2017. Synopsys reported revenue of $695.4 million, compared to $615.2 million for the third quarter of fiscal year 2016, an increase of 13.0 percent. “In our fiscal third quarter, we again delivered excellent results and are raising annual revenue and non-GAAP earnings per share targets,” said Aart de Geus, chairman and co-CEO of Synopsys. “Our strategy and investments are paying off. Demand for EDA and IP products is robust and growing, as semiconductor and systems companies tackle immense complexity in both chips and ever-increasing software content. We are making very good progress in the fast-growing software security and quality market, helping software developers from a wide range of industries navigate daunting security challenges. In addition, we continue to return capital to shareholders, repurchasing $100 million of our stock in the quarter, and $300 million so far this year.” 1 GAAP Results On a generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) basis, net income for the third quarter of fiscal 2017 was $116.8 million, or $0.75 per share, compared to $64.7 million, or $0.42 per share, for the third quarter of fiscal 2016. Non-GAAP Results On a non-GAAP basis, net income was $141.6 million, or $0.92 per share, compared to non-GAAP net income of $116.2 million, or $0.76 per share, for the third quarter of fiscal 2016. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided at the end of this press release. Financial Targets Synopsys also provided its financial targets for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2017, which do not include any impact of future acquisition-related activities or costs. These targets constitute forward-looking statements and are based on current expectations. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these targets, see “Forward-Looking Statements” below. Fourth Quarter of Fiscal Year 2017 Targets : • Revenue: $642 million - $657 million • GAAP expenses: $586 million - $602 million • Non-GAAP expenses: $535 million - $545 million • Other income and expense: ($1) million - $1 million • Normalized annual tax rate applied in non-GAAP net income calculations: 19 percent • Fully diluted outstanding shares: 153 million - 156 million • GAAP earnings per share: $0.26 - $0.33 • Non-GAAP earnings per share: $0.55 - $0.58 Full Fiscal Year 2017 Targets : • Revenue: $2.670 billion - $2.685 billion • Other income and expense: $4 million - $6 million • Normalized annual tax rate applied in non-GAAP net income calculations: 19 percent 2 • Fully diluted outstanding shares: 153 million - 156 million • GAAP earnings per share: $1.92 - $1.99 • Non-GAAP earnings per share: $3.29 - $3.32 • Cash flow from operations: $580 million - $600 million GAAP Reconciliation Synopsys continues to provide all information required in accordance with GAAP, but believes evaluating its ongoing operating results may not be as useful if an investor is limited to reviewing only GAAP financial measures. Accordingly, Synopsys presents non-GAAP financial measures in reporting its financial results to provide investors with an additional tool to evaluate Synopsys’ operating results in a manner that focuses on what Synopsys believes to be its core business operations and what Synopsys uses to evaluate its business operations and for internal planning and forecasting purposes. Synopsys’ management does not itself, nor does it suggest that investors should, consider such non-GAAP financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. Synopsys’ management believes it is useful for itself and investors to review, as applicable, both GAAP information that includes: (i) the amortization of acquired intangible assets, (ii) the impact of stock compensation, (iii) acquisition-related costs, (iv) restructuring charges, (v) the effects of certain settlements, final judgments and loss contingencies related to legal proceedings, and (vi) the income tax effect of non-GAAP pre-tax adjustments; and the non-GAAP measures that exclude such information in order to assess the performance of Synopsys’ business and for planning and forecasting in subsequent periods. In fiscal 2016, Synopsys began utilizing a normalized annual non-GAAP tax rate in the calculation of its non-GAAP measures that is based on our projected annual tax rate through fiscal 2018. In projecting this rate, we evaluated our historical and projected mix of U.S. and international profit before tax, excluding the impact of stock-based compensation, the amortization of purchased intangibles and other non-GAAP adjustments described above. We also took into account other factors including our current tax structure, our existing tax positions, and expected recurring tax incentives, such as the U.S. federal research and development tax credit. We re-evaluate this rate on an annual basis for any significant events that may materially affect our projections, such as significant changes in our geographic earnings mix or significant tax law changes in major jurisdictions where we operate. Whenever Synopsys uses a non-GAAP financial measure, it provides a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the most closely applicable GAAP financial measure. Investors are 3 encouraged to review the related GAAP financial measures and the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure as detailed below, as well as in

Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On August 16, 2017, Synopsys, Inc. (“ Synopsys ”) issued a press release announcing the financial results of its third fiscal quarter ended July 29, 2017. A copy of this press release is furnished and attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. The information in this Current Report, including the exhibit hereto, shall not be deemed to be “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section or Sections 11 and 12(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The information contained herein and in the accompanying exhibit shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Synopsys whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. The attached press release includes measures that are not in accordance with, or an alternative for, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“ GAAP ”). The attached press release includes non-GAAP earnings per share, non-GAAP net income, targeted non-GAAP expenses, and targeted non-GAAP earnings per share. These non-GAAP measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative for, GAAP measures and may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies. In addition, these non-GAAP measures are not based on any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles, and management exercises judgment in determining which items should be excluded in the calculation of non-GAAP measures. While we believe that non-GAAP measures have limitations in that they do not reflect all of the amounts associated with our results of operations as determined in accordance with GAAP, we believe that non-GAAP measures are valuable in analyzing our core operations. Management analyzes current and future results on a GAAP basis as well as a non-GAAP basis and also provides GAAP and non-GAAP measures in our earnings release. The presentation of non-GAAP financial information is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the directly comparable financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. The non-GAAP financial measures are meant to supplement, and be viewed in conjunction with, GAAP financial measures. We believe that the presentation of non-GAAP measures, when shown in conjunction with the corresponding GAAP measures, provides useful information to investors and management regarding financial and business trends relating to our financial condition and results of operations. Synopsys’ management evaluates and makes decisions about our business operations primarily based on the income and costs that management believes are directly related to Synopsys’ core operations. For our internal budgeting and resource allocation process, and in reviewing our financial results, we use non-GAAP financial measures that exclude: (i) the amortization of acquired intangible assets; (ii) the impact of stock compensation; (iii) acquisition-related costs; (iv) restructuring charges; (v) the effects of certain settlements, final judgments and loss contingencies related to legal proceedings; and (vi) the income tax effect of non-GAAP pre-tax adjustments; and the non-GAAP measures that exclude such information in order to assess the performance of Synopsys’ business and for planning and forecasting in subsequent periods. In fiscal 2016, we began utilizing a normalized annual non-GAAP tax rate in calculating non-GAAP financial measures in order to provide better consistency across interim reporting periods by eliminating the effects of non-recurring and period-specific items, which can vary in size and frequency and not necessarily reflect our normal operations, and to more clearly align our tax rate with our expected geographic earnings mix. The normalized annual non-GAAP tax rate is 19% and is based on our projected annual tax rate through fiscal 2018. We re-evaluate this rate on an annual basis for any significant events that may materially affect our projections, such as significant changes in our geographic earnings mix or significant tax law changes in major jurisdictions where we operate. We use these non-GAAP financial measures in making operating decisions because we believe the measures provide meaningful supplemental information regarding our core operational performance and give us a better understanding of how we should invest in research and development, as well as fund infrastructure and product and market strategies. We use these measures to help us make budgeting decisions, for example, among product development expenses and research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses. In addition, these non-GAAP financial measures facilitate our internal comparisons to our historical operating results, forecasted targets and comparisons to competitors’ operating results. As described above, we exclude the following items from one or more of our non-GAAP measures: (i) Amortization of acquired intangible assets. We incur expenses from amortization of acquired intangible assets, which include contract rights, core/developed technology, trademarks, trade names, customer relationships, covenants not to compete, and other intangibles related to acquisitions. We amortize the intangible assets over their economic lives. We exclude this item because the expense is non-cash in nature and because we believe the non-GAAP financial measures excluding this item provide meaningful supplemental information regarding (a) our core operational performance and liquidity, and (b) our ability to invest in research and development and fund acquisitions and capital expenditures. (ii) Stock compensation impact.…