Exhibit 99.1 DocuSign Announces First Quarter Fiscal 2024 Financial Results San Francisco – June 8, 2023 – DocuSign, Inc. (NASDAQ: DOCU), which offers the world’s #1 e-signature product as part of its industry leading lineup, today announced results for its fiscal quarter ended April 30, 2023. “DocuSign’s first quarter results, coupled with traction on our strategic objectives reflect a solid start to the year," said Allan Thygesen, CEO of DocuSign. “While we have work ahead of us, I am encouraged by our progress to enable smarter, easier, trusted agreements. As we continue to execute on our strategy and leverage our competitive advantages, notably in AI, DocuSign is well positioned for the future.” First Quarter Financial Highlights ▪ Total revenue was $661.4 million, an increase of 12% year-over-year. Subscription revenue was $639.3 million, an increase of 12% year-over-year. Professional services and other revenue was $22.1 million, an increase of 14% year-over-year. ▪ Billings were $674.8 million , an increase of 10% year-over-year. ▪ GAAP gross margin was 79% compared to 78% in the same period last year. Non-GAAP gross margin was 83% compared to 81% in the same period last year. ▪ GAAP net income per basic share was $0.00 on 203 million shares outstanding compared to a loss of $0.14 on 200 million shares outstanding in the same period last year. ▪ GAAP net income per diluted share was $0.00 on 208 million shares outstanding compared to a loss of $0.14 on 200 million shares outstanding in the same period last year. ▪ Non-GAAP net income per diluted share was $0.72 on 208 million shares outstanding compared to $0.38 on 206 million shares outstanding in the same period last year. ▪ Net cash provided by operating activities was $233.6 million compared to $196.3 million in the same period last year. ▪ Free cash flow was $214.6 million compared to $174.6 million in the same period last year. ▪ Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and investments were $1.4 billion at the end of the quarter. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures has been provided in the tables included in this press release. An explanation of these measures is also included below under the heading “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Other Key Metrics.” Operational and Other Financial Highlights: • Executive Appointments. DocuSign appointed the following key new leaders: ◦ Blake Grayson as Chief Financial Officer. Most recently, Blake served as the CFO of The Trade Desk leading the company's overall financial activities, including controllership, tax, treasury, analysis, investor relations, corporate development, facilities, and financial operations. Prior to becoming CFO of The Trade Desk in 2019, Blake served in various finance leadership roles at Amazon for over a decade. ◦ Dmitri Krakovsky as Chief Product Officer. Dmitri joins DocuSign from CP4, where he was the Chief Product Officer. Dmitri also held roles as VP of Product at Google, Chief Product Officer at SAP and Vice President of Products at Yahoo. ◦ Kurt Sauer as Chief Information Security Officer. Prior to joining DocuSign, Kurt worked at Workday where he was Chief Information Security Officer. He also served in senior security roles at Skype, Blink Health, Salesforce and PayPal. • DocuSign Release 1. DocuSign announced new product capabilities with highlights in the following areas: ◦ Web Forms: Launched Webforms, an interactive solution enabling organizations to capture data and generate dynamic agreements for signature. With conditional logic and customizable features, teams can effortlessly create and manage their own forms, while data collected can be exported, analyzed, and seamlessly integrated with other systems. ◦ EHR (Electronic Health Record) Interoperability: Introduced a seamless integration between DocuSign eSignature and certified EHRs in the US market, such as Epic and Cerner, via Infor Cloverleaf in accordance with HL7 FHIR standards. This integration enables a modern patient and staff experience, where patient forms 1 DOCUSIGN, INC. collected via eSignature are automatically uploaded to the patient record in the EHR, eliminating manual sending, routing, and uploading of completed forms. ◦ ID Verification for EU Qualified: Released AI-enabled remote identity verification that brings the same level of security as face-to-face identification. This solution delivers EU Qualified Electronic Signature (QES)-compliant identification directly within eSignature. With advanced features like liveness detection, selfie comparisons, and asynchronous agent review, the need for video or in-person appointments is eliminated, significantly reducing friction and enhancing the overall signer experience. ◦ Document Generation for eSignature: Introduced Document Generation for eSignature, which enables senders to generate personalized agreements directly within eSignature. All information is dynamically inserted to ensure documents are well-formatted and professional-looking. Conditional logic is leveraged to reduce the number of templates needed saving time and effort. ◦ DocuSign CLM Essentials Conditional Logic: Introduced enhancements designed to accelerate workflows within CLM. CLM Essentials users can easily customize agreement templates with just a few clicks using conditional logic. Administrators can incorporate conditional rules into document templates, enabling them to hide, show, or populate specific sections of an agreement based on custom criteria, saving time, offering greater flexibility, and ensuring consistent compliance across all agreements. Outlook The company currently expects the following guidance: ▪ Quarter ending July 31, 2023 (in millions, except percentages): Total revenue $675 to $679 Subscription revenue $658 to $662 Billings $646 to $656 Non-GAAP gross margin 81% to 82% Non-GAAP operating margin 24% to 25% Non-GAAP diluted weighted-average shares outstanding 207 to 212 ▪ Year ending January 31, 2024 (in millions, except percentages): Total revenue $2,713 to $2,725 Subscription revenue $2,640 to $2,652 Billings $2,737 to $2,757 Non-GAAP gross margin 81% to 82% Non-GAAP operating margin 22% to 24% Non-GAAP diluted weighted-average shares outstanding 207 to 212 The company has not reconciled its guidance of non-GAAP financial measures to the corresponding GAAP measures because stock-based compensation expense cannot be reasonably calculated or predicted at this time. Accordingly, a reconciliation has not been provided. 2 DOCUSIGN, INC. Webcast Conference Call Information The company will host a conference call on June 8, 2023 at 1:30 p.m. PT (4:30 p.m. ET) to d iscuss its financial results. A live webcast of the event will be available on the DocuSign Investor Relations website at investor.docusign.com. A live dial-in will be avail able domestically at 877-407-0784 or internationally at 201-689-8560. A replay will be available domestically at 844-512-2921 or internationally at 412-317-6671 u ntil midnight (ET) June 22, 2023 using the passcode 13738634. About DocuSign DocuSign redefines how the world comes together and agrees, making agreements smarter, easier and more trusted. As part of its industry leading product lineup, DocuSign offers eSignature, the world's #1 way to sign electronically on practically any device, from almost anywhere, at any time. Today, over 1.4 million customers and more than a billion users in over 180 countries use DocuSign products and solutions to accelerate the process of doing business and simplify people's lives. For more information visit http://www.docusign.com. Copyright 2023. DocuSign, Inc. is the owner of DOCUSIGN® and all its other marks (www.docusign.com/IP). Investor Relations: DocuSign Investor Relations investors@docusign.com Media Relations: DocuSign Corporate Communications media@docusign.com Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which statements involve substantial risk and uncertainties. All statements contained in this press release other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our future operating results and financial position, our business strategy and plans, market growth and trends, objectives for future operations, and the impact of such assumptions on our financial condition and results of operations are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements in this press release also include, among other things, statements under “Outlook” above and any other statements about expected financial metrics, such as revenue, billings, non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP diluted weighted-average shares outstanding, and non-financial metrics, such as customer growth, as well as statements related to our expectations regarding our growth. Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events or our future financial or operating performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “expects,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “could,” “intends,” “target,” “projects,” “contemplates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “potential,” or “continue” or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans or intentions. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release include, but are not limited to, statements about: our expectations regarding global macro-economic conditions, including the effects of inflation, rising and fluctuating interest rates, instability in the global banking sector, and market volatility on the global economy; our ability to estimate the size and growth of our total addressable market; our ability to compete effectively in an evolving and competitive market; the impact of any data breaches, cyberattacks or other malicious activity on our technology systems; our ability to effectively sustain and manage our growth and future expenses and achieve and maintain future profitability; our ability to attract new customers and maintain and expand our existing customer base; our ability to effectively implement and execute our restructuring plans; our ability to scale and update our platform to respond to customers’ needs and rapid technological change; our ability to expand use cases within existing customers and vertical solutions; our ability to expand our operations and increase adoption of our platform internationally; our ability to strengthen and foster our relationships with developers; our ability to retain our direct sales force, customer success team and strategic partnerships around the world; our ability to identify targets for and execute potential acquisitions and to successfully integrate and realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions; our ability to maintain, protect and enhance our brand; the sufficiency of our cash, cash equivalents and capital resources to satisfy our liquidity needs; limitations on us due to obligations we have under our credit facility or other indebtedness; our failure or the failure of our software to comply with applicable industry standards, laws and regulations; our ability to maintain, protect and enhance our intellectual property; our ability to successfully defend litigation against us; our ability to attract large organizations as users; our ability to maintain our corporate culture; our ability to offer high-quality customer support; our ability to hire, retain and motivate qualified personnel, including executive level management; our ability to successfully manage and integrate executive management transitions; uncertainties regarding the impact of general economic and market conditions, including as a result of regional and global conflicts; our ability to successfully implement and maintain new 3 DOCUSIGN, INC. and existing…