Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On October 18, 2016 , Intel Corporation (“Intel”) issued a press release announcing the financial results of its third quarter ended October 1, 2016 and forward-looking statements relating to its fourth quarter of 2016 and full year 2016 . A copy of this press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference herein. On October 18, 2016 , Intel also posted on its investor website, intc.com, financial information and commentary by Stacy J. Smith, Intel’s Executive Vice President, Manufacturing, Operations, and Sales (who served as Intel's Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer during the third quarter of 2016) and Robert H. Swan who joined Intel on October 10, 2016 as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer. This information and commentary, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and is incorporated by reference herein, relates to Intel's third quarter results and includes forward-looking statements regarding its fourth quarter of 2016 and full year 2016. Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 include non-GAAP financial measures relating to our operations and forecasted outlook. Certain of these non-GAAP terms will be used in Intel’s earnings conference for the third quarter of 2016. In addition, Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 include reconciliations of these GAAP to non-GAAP measures, as well as an explanation of how management uses these non-GAAP measures and the reasons why management views these measures as providing useful information for investors. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP and the financial results calculated in accordance with GAAP and reconciliations from Intel’s results should be carefully evaluated. The information in

Exhibit 99.2 and is incorporated by reference herein, relates to Intel's third quarter results and includes forward-looking statements regarding its fourth quarter of 2016 and full year 2016. Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 include non-GAAP financial measures relating to our operations and forecasted outlook. Certain of these non-GAAP terms will be used in Intel’s earnings conference for the third quarter of 2016. In addition, Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 include reconciliations of these GAAP to non-GAAP measures, as well as an explanation of how management uses these non-GAAP measures and the reasons why management views these measures as providing useful information for investors. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP and the financial results calculated in accordance with GAAP and reconciliations from Intel’s results should be carefully evaluated. The information in