EXHIBIT 99.1 Exhibit Earnings Release Mastercard Incorporated Reports First-Quarter 2019 Financial Results • First -quarter net income of $1.9 billion , or diluted earnings per share of $1.80 • First -quarter adjusted net income of $1.8 billion , or adjusted diluted earnings per share of $ 1.78 • First -quarter net revenue of $3.9 billion , an increase of 9% , or 13% on a currency-neutral basis • First -quarter gross dollar volume up 12% and purchase volume up 12% Purchase, NY - April 30, 2019 - Mastercard Incorporated (NYSE: MA) today announced financial results for the first -quarter 2019 . “We’re off to a very good start this year with strong revenue and earnings growth,” said Ajay Banga, Mastercard president and CEO. “We continue to make significant progress, developing innovative new products with partners like Apple and Goldman Sachs, expanding the geographic footprint of our real-time payment solutions, and announcing several acquisitions to advance our cross-border payments, safety and security, and merchant engagement strategies.” Quarterly Results Summary of First-Quarter Operating Results Amounts in billions ($), except per share data Increase / (Decrease) Q1 2019 Q1 2018 Reported GAAP Currency-neutral Net revenue $3.9 $3.6 9% 13% Operating expenses $1.7 $1.8 (5)% (2)% Operating income $2.2 $1.8 21% 27% Operating margin 56.9% 51.0% 6.0 ppt 6.4 ppt Effective income tax rate 15.5% 17.3% (1.8) ppt (1.4) ppt Net income $1.9 $1.5 25% 31% Diluted earnings per share $1.80 $1.41 28% 33% Summary of First-Quarter Non-GAAP Results 1 Amounts in billions ($), except per share data Increase / (Decrease) Q1 2019 Q1 2018 As adjusted Currency-neutral Net revenue $3.9 $3.6 9% 13% Adjusted operating expenses $1.7 $1.6 2% 5% Adjusted operating margin 56.9% 54.2% 2.7 ppt 3.2 ppt Adjusted effective income tax rate 16.8% 17.7% (0.9) ppt (0.5) ppt Adjusted net income $1.8 $1.6 16% 21% Adjusted diluted earnings per share $1.78 $1.50 19% 24% 1 The Summary of Non-GAAP Results excludes the impact of special items (“Special Items”) and/or foreign currency. See Non-GAAP reconciliations on page 11 for further information on the Special Items, the impact of foreign currency and the reconciliation to GAAP reported amounts. -more- Mastercard Incorporated - Page 2 The following additional details are provided to aid in understanding Mastercard’s first -quarter 2019 results, versus the year-ago period: • Net revenue increased 9% as reported, or 13% on a currency-neutral basis, driven by the impact of the following factors: ◦ An increase in switched transactions of 17% . ◦ A 12% increase in gross dollar volume, on a local currency basis, to $1.5 trillion . ◦ An increase in cross-border volumes of 13% on a local currency basis. ◦ These increases were partially offset by an increase in rebates and incentives, primarily due to new and renewed agreements and increased volumes. • Total operating expenses decreased 5% , or 2% on a currency-neutral basis. Excluding the impact of Special Items, adjusted operating expenses increased 2% , or 5% on a currency-neutral basis, primarily related to the company’s continued investments in strategic initiatives. • Other income (expense) was favorable versus the year ago period, primarily due to higher investment income driven by higher interest rates. • The effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2019 was 15.5% , versus 17.3% for the comparable period in 2018 . Excluding Special Items, the adjusted effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2019 was 16.8% , versus 17.7% for the comparable period in 2018 , primarily due to discrete benefits related to share-based payments. • As of March 31, 2019 , the company’s customers had issued 2.5 billion Mastercard and Maestro-branded cards. Return of Capital to Shareholders During the first quarter of 2019 , Mastercard repurchased approximately 8.7 million shares at a cost of $1.8 billion and paid $340 million in dividends. Quarter-to-date through April 25, the company repurchased an additional 2.0 million shares at a cost of $467 million , which leaves $4.5 billion remaining under current repurchase program authorizations. Mastercard Incorporated - Page 3 First -Quarter Financial Results Conference Call Details At 9:00 a.m. ET today, the company will host a conference call to discuss its first -quarter 2019 results. The dial-in information for this call is 833-236-5755 (within the U.S.) and 647-689-4183 (outside the U.S.). A replay of the call will be available for 30 days and can be accessed by dialing 800-585-8367 (within the U.S.) and 416-621-4642 (outside the U.S.), using passcode 1668986. This call can also be accessed through the Investor Relations section of the company’s website at www.mastercard.com/investor. Presentation slides used on this call will also be available on the website. Non-GAAP Financial Information Mastercard discloses the following non-GAAP financial measures: adjusted operating expenses, adjusted operating margin, adjusted effective income tax rate, adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share (as well as related applicable growth rates versus the comparable period in the prior year). These non-GAAP financial measures exclude the impact of the Special Items. The company excluded these Special Items as its management evaluates the underlying operations and performance of the company separately from litigation judgments and settlements and other one-time items, as well as related tax impacts. The company also presents growth rates, including net revenue, adjusted for the impact of foreign currency, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Currency-neutral growth rates are calculated by remeasuring the prior period’s results using the current period’s exchange rates for both the translational and transactional impacts on operating results. The impact of foreign currency translation represents the effect of translating operating results where the functional currency is different from the company’s U.S. dollar reporting currency. The impact of the transactional foreign currency represents the effect of converting revenue and expenses occurring in a currency other than the functional currency. The company’s management believes the presentation of currency-neutral growth rates provides relevant information. The company’s management believes that the non-GAAP financial measures presented facilitate an understanding of operating performance and provide a meaningful comparison of its results between periods. The company’s management uses non-GAAP financial measures to, among other things, evaluate its ongoing operations in relation to historical results, for internal planning and forecasting purposes and in the calculation of performance-based compensation. The company includes reconciliations of the requisite non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. The presentation of non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the company’s related financial results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Mastercard Incorporated - Page 4 About Mastercard Incorporated Mastercard (NYSE: MA), www.mastercard.com , is a technology company in the global payments industry. Our global payments processing network connects consumers, financial institutions, merchants, governments and businesses in more than 210 countries and territories. Mastercard products and solutions make everyday commerce activities - such as shopping, traveling, running a business and managing finances - easier, more secure and more efficient for everyone. Follow us on Twitter @MastercardNews , join the discussion on the Beyond the Transaction Blog and subscribe for the latest news on the Engagement Bureau . Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical facts may be forward-looking statements. When used in this press release, the words “believe”, “expect”, “could”, “may”, “would”, “will”, “trend” and similar words are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements that relate to Mastercard’s future prospects, developments and business strategies. We caution you to not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, as they speak only as of the date they are made. Except for the company’s ongoing obligations under the U.S. federal securities laws, the company does not intend to update or otherwise revise the forward-looking information to reflect actual results of operations, changes in financial condition, changes in estimates, expectations or assumptions, changes in general economic or industry conditions or other circumstances arising and/or existing since the preparation of this press release or to reflect the occurrence of any unanticipated events. Many factors and uncertainties relating to our operations and business environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control, influence whether any forward-looking statements can or will be achieved. Any one of those factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in writing in any forward-looking statements made by Mastercard or on its behalf, including, but not limited to, the following factors: • regulation directly related to of the payments industry (including regulatory, legislative and litigation activity with respect to interchange rates, surcharging and the extension of current regulatory activity to additional jurisdictions or products) • the impact of preferential or protective government actions • regulation of privacy, data protection, security and the digital economy • regulation that directly or indirectly applies to us based on our participation in the global payments industry (including anti-money laundering, counter terrorist financing, economic sanctions and anti-corruption; account-based payment systems; issuer practice regulation; and regulation of internet and digital transactions) • the impact of changes in tax laws, as well as regulations and interpretations of such laws or challenges to our tax positions • potential or incurred liability and limitations on business related to any litigation or litigation settlements Mastercard Incorporated - Page 5 • the impact of competition in the global payments industry (including disintermediation and pricing pressure) • the challenges relating to rapid technological developments and changes • the challenges relating to operating real-time account-based payment system and to working with new customers and end users • the impact of information security incidents, account data breaches, fraudulent activity or service disruptions • issues related to our relationships with our financial institution customers (including loss of substantial business from significant customers, competitor relationships with our customers and banking industry consolidation) • the impact of our relationships with other stakeholders, including merchants and governments • exposure to loss or illiquidity due to our role as guarantor, as well as other contractual obligations • the impact of global economic, political, financial and societal events and conditions • reputational impact, including impact related to brand perception • the inability to attract, hire and retain a highly qualified and diverse workforce, or maintain our corporate culture • issues related to acquisition integration, strategic investments and entry into new businesses • issues related to our Class A common stock and corporate governance structure For additional information on these and other factors that could cause the company’s actual results to differ materially from expected results, please see the company’s filings with the Securities and…