Exhibit 99.1 Union Pacific Reports Third Quarter 2025 Results • Diluted earnings per share (EPS) of $3.01 and adjusted diluted EPS* of $3.08 • Operating ratio (OR) of 59.2% and adjusted OR* of 58.5% • Operating revenue increased 3% Omaha, Neb., October 23, 2025 – Union Pacific Corporation (NYSE: UNP) today reported 2025 third quarter net income of $1.8 billion, or $3.01 per diluted share. Results include merger costs of $41 million, or $0.07 per diluted share. Adjusted 2025 third quarter net income* of $1.8 billion, or $3.08 per diluted share* compares to 2024 third quarter net income of $1.7 billion, or $2.75 per diluted share. "Our third quarter results serve as a proof point that we are successfully executing on our strategy" said Jim Vena, Union Pacific Chief Executive Officer. "We have a historic opportunity with the Norfolk Southern to create America's first transcontinental railroad. As we work towards regulatory approval, our team is focused and driving continued improvements in our pursuit of what's possible." Third Quarter Summary: 2025 vs. 2024 Financial Results: Strong Operating Income Growth Driven by Increased Revenue and Operating Efficiency; Best Ever Quarter Record for Freight Revenue excluding Fuel Surcharge • Operating revenue of $6.2 billion grew 3% driven by solid core pricing gains, partially offset by lower fuel surcharge. • Freight revenue excluding fuel surcharge grew 4%. • Reported operating ratio was 59.2%, an improvement of 110 basis points. Adjusted operating ratio* was 58.5%, an improvement of 180 basis points. Operating Results: Continued Momentum in Safety, Service, and Operational Excellence; Third Quarter Records for Freight Car Velocity and Locomotive Productivity and Best Ever Quarter Records for Terminal Dwell, Train Length, Workforce Productivity, and Fuel Consumption Rate • Reportable personal injury rate and reportable derailment rate both improved. • Freight car velocity was 226 daily miles per car, an 8% improvement. • Locomotive productivity was 140 gross ton-miles (GTMs) per horsepower day, a 4% improvement. • Average terminal dwell was 20.4 hours, a 9% improvement. • Average train length was 9,801 feet, a 2% increase. • Workforce productivity improved 6% to 1,165 car miles per employee. * Adjusted diluted earnings per share and adjusted operating ratio are considered non-GAAP financial measures. See attached supplemental schedule of non-GAAP measures for a reconciliation to GAAP. -more- On Track With Investor Day Targets • 2025 Outlook: ◦ Meeting customer demand with strong service; challenging international intermodal comparison ◦ Pricing dollars accretive to operating ratio ◦ Earnings per share growth consistent with attaining the 3-year CAGR target of high-single to low-double digit ◦ Industry-leading operating ratio and return on invested capital ◦ Continued strong cash generation ◦ Capital allocation - Capital plan of $3.4 billion - Third quarter 2025 dividend increase of 3% - Share repurchases paused for Norfolk Southern merger Third Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call Union Pacific will webcast its third quarter 2025 earnings release presentation live at www.up.com/investor and via teleconference on Thursday, October 23, 2025, at 8:45 a.m. Eastern Time. Participants may join the conference call by dialing 877-407-8293 (or for international participants, 201-689-8349). ABOUT UNION PACIFIC Union Pacific (NYSE: UNP) delivers the goods families and businesses use every day with safe, reliable, and efficient service. Operating in 23 western states, the company connects its customers and communities to the global economy. Trains are the most environmentally responsible way to move freight, helping Union Pacific protect future generations. More information about Union Pacific is available at www.up.com. Union Pacific Investor contact : Diana Prauner at 402-544-4227 or dprauner@up.com Union Pacific Media contact : Clarissa Beyah at 402-957-4793 or cbeyah@up.com Supplemental financial information is attached. **** NO OFFER OR SOLICITATION This communication is for informational purposes only and does not constitute, or form a part of, an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offer of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and otherwise in accordance with applicable law. CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain statements in this communication are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. These statements relate to future events or future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause Union Pacific’s, Norfolk Southern’s or the combined company’s actual results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements or those of the railroad industry to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. In some cases, forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words like “may,” “will,” “could,” “would,” “should,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “project,” “estimate,” “intend,” “plan,” “pro forma,” or any variations or other comparable terminology. While Union Pacific and Norfolk Southern have based these forward-looking statements on those expectations, assumptions, estimates, beliefs and projections they view as reasonable, such forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which involve factors or circumstances that are beyond Union Pacific’s, Norfolk Southern’s or the combined company’s control, including but not limited to, in addition to factors disclosed in Union Pacific’s and Norfolk Southern’s respective filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”): the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the right of one or both of the parties to terminate the definitive merger agreement between Union Pacific and Norfolk Southern providing for the acquisition of Norfolk Southern by Union Pacific (the “Transaction”); the risk that potential legal proceedings may be instituted against Union Pacific or Norfolk Southern and result in significant costs of defense, indemnification or liability; the possibility that the Transaction does not close when expected or at all because required Surface Transportation Board, shareholder or other approvals and other conditions to closing are not received or satisfied on a timely basis or at all (and the risk that such approvals may result in the imposition of conditions that could adversely affect the combined company or the expected benefits of the Transaction); the risk that the combined company will not realize expected benefits, cost savings, accretion, synergies and/or growth from the Transaction, or that such benefits may take longer to realize or be more costly to achieve than expected, including as a result of changes in, or problems arising from, general economic and market conditions, tariffs, interest and exchange rates, monetary policy, laws and regulations and their enforcement, and the degree of competition in the geographic and business areas in which Union Pacific and Norfolk Southern operate; disruption to the parties’ businesses as a result of the announcement and pendency of the Transaction; the costs associated with the anticipated length of time of the pendency of the Transaction, including the restrictions contained in the definitive merger agreement on the ability of Union Pacific and Norfolk Southern, respectively, to operate their respective businesses outside the ordinary course during the pendency of the Transaction; the diversion of Union Pacific’s and Norfolk Southern’s management’s attention and time from ongoing business operations and opportunities on merger-related matters; the risk that the integration of each party’s operations will be materially delayed or will be more costly or difficult than expected or that the parties are otherwise unable to successfully integrate each party’s businesses into the other’s businesses; the possibility that the Transaction may be more expensive to complete than anticipated, including as a result of unexpected factors or events; reputational risk and potential adverse reactions of Union Pacific’s or Norfolk Southern’s customers, suppliers, employees, labor unions or other business partners, including those resulting from the announcement or completion of the Transaction; the dilution caused by Union Pacific’s issuance of additional shares of its common stock in connection with the consummation of the Transaction; the risk of a downgrade of the credit rating of Union Pacific’s indebtedness, which could give rise to an obligation to redeem existing indebtedness; a material adverse change in the financial condition of Union Pacific, Norfolk Southern or the combined company; changes in domestic or international economic, political or business conditions, including those impacting the transportation industry (including customers, employees and supply chains); Union Pacific’s, Norfolk Southern’s and the combined company’s ability to successfully implement its respective operational, productivity, and strategic initiatives; a significant adverse event on Union Pacific’s or Norfolk Southern’s network, including, but not limited to, a mainline accident, discharge of hazardous materials, or climate-related or other network outage; the outcome of claims, litigation, governmental proceedings and investigations involving Union Pacific or Norfolk Southern, including, in the case of Norfolk Southern, those with respect to the Eastern Ohio incident; the nature and extent of Norfolk Southern’s environmental remediation obligations with respect to the Eastern Ohio incident; new or additional governmental regulation and/or operational changes resulting from or related to the Eastern Ohio incident; and a cybersecurity incident or other disruption to our technology infrastructure. This list of important factors is not intended to be exhaustive. These and other important factors, including those discussed under “Risk Factors” in Norfolk Southern’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 (available at https://www.sec.gov/ix?doc=/Archives/edgar/data/0000702165/000070216525000008/nsc-20241231.htm) and Norfolk Southern’s subsequent filings with the SEC, Union Pacific’s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, as filed with the SEC on February 7, 2025 (available at https://www.sec.gov/ix?doc=/Archives/edgar/data/0000100885/000010088525000042/unp-20241231.htm) (the “Union Pacific Annual Report”) and Union Pacific’s subsequent filings with the SEC, as well as the risks described in Union Pacific’s registration statement on Form S-4 (No. 290282), as filed with the SEC on September 16, 2025, as amended on September 30, 2025 (available at https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/100885/000119312525224307/d908896ds4a.htm) (the “Registration Statement”), may cause actual results, performance, or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. References to Union Pacific’s and Norfolk Southern’s website are provided for convenience and, therefore, information on or available through the website is not, and should not be deemed to be, incorporated by reference herein. The forward-looking statements herein are made only as of the date they were first issued, and unless otherwise required by…