Exhibit 99.2 Philip Morris International Inc. 2018 Second-Quarter Results Conference Call July 19, 2018 NICK ROLLI (SLIDE 1.) Welcome. Thank you for joining us. Earlier today, we issued a press release containing detailed information on our 2018 second-quarter results. You may access the release on www.pmi.com or the PMI Investor Relations App. (SLIDE 2.) A glossary of terms, including the definition for reduced-risk products, or "RRPs," as well as adjustments, other calculations and reconciliations to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures, are at the end of today’s webcast slides, which are posted on our website. (SLIDE 3.) Today’s remarks contain forward-looking statements and projections of future results. I direct your attention to the Forward-Looking and Cautionary Statements disclosure in today’s presentation and press release for a review of the various factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from projections or forward-looking statements. It’s now my pleasure to introduce Martin King, our Chief Financial Officer. Martin. 1 MARTIN KING (SLIDE 4.) Thank you, Nick, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen. I will open with some brief remarks on how we currently see our business half-way through the year. For our combustible tobacco portfolio, the fundamentals are robust, reflecting a strong pricing environment and improving volume trends. This is a very positive sign, given that the majority of our profits and cash flow continues to be generated by combustible tobacco products. With regard to IQOS , we are tracking below our very high initial expectations for this year, primarily due to the current growth trajectory in Japan. However, the year-on-year performance across geographies remains very strong, and we continue to view RRPs as our largest growth opportunity going forward. As André explained during the Annual Shareholders' Meeting in May, RRPs will experience periods of acceleration and periods of slower growth as they expand. The related timing is very hard to predict precisely, especially at this initial stage. This is the case with virtually every new product category, and IQOS will invariably go through these phases. What is certain, in our view, is that adult smokers worldwide are looking for better alternatives to smoking. We believe that IQOS is the best alternative on the market today, as evidenced by the fact that an estimated 5.6 million adult consumers around the world have already stopped smoking and switched to IQOS . (SLIDE 5.) Let me now take you through our second-quarter results, beginning with total shipment volume -- that is, cigarettes and heated tobacco units combined -- which increased by 0.9% , or by 0.6% excluding inventory movements. This growth was driven by higher heated tobacco unit volume across IQOS launch markets, led by Japan and Korea, partly offset by a 1.5% decline in cigarette volume, which includes the growing impact of adult smoker out-switching to our heated tobacco products. Importantly, heated tobacco unit volume growth in the quarter was relatively balanced, with about half coming from outside the East Asia & Australia Region. This illustrates the broad-based progress of IQOS across geographies. For the first half of the year, total shipment volume declined by 0.6% , and was essentially flat excluding inventory movements. (SLIDE 6.) Our cigarette volume decline in the quarter was due notably to Russia, mainly reflecting the impact of price increases and higher illicit trade, and Saudi Arabia, 2 primarily due to the impact of tax-driven price increases following the June 2017 excise tax introduction. The decline was partly offset by growth in a number of markets, most notably Pakistan and Turkey, primarily reflecting higher industry volume. We also recorded cigarette volume growth in important geographies such as Indonesia, North Africa and the Philippines. On a sequential basis, our cigarette volume performance in the quarter marked a significant improvement compared to the 5.3% decline of the first quarter. (SLIDE 7.) Turning to our second-quarter financial results, net revenues increased by 8.3% , excluding currency, driven by strong pricing for our combustible tobacco portfolio and higher volume of IQOS devices and heated tobacco units. (SLIDE 8.) Our pricing variance for combustible products in the quarter was more than 8% of second-quarter 2017 combustible product net revenues, driven by Argentina, Canada, Germany, Indonesia, the Philippines and Russia. Year-to-date June, our combustible pricing variance was 7.5%. (SLIDE 9.) Adjusted operating income increased by 9.8% , excluding currency, reflecting the growth in net revenues coupled with lower manufacturing costs in the East Asia & Australia Region, partly offset by incremental RRP investments in all IQOS launch markets. Adjusted operating income margin increased by 0.5 points, excluding currency. (SLIDE 10.) Currency-neutral adjusted diluted EPS increased by 20.2% in the quarter, and benefited from a lower estimated full-year effective tax rate, as well as lower interest expense. Our effective tax rate in the quarter of approximately 22% reflects the impact of a revised full-year effective tax rate estimate of approximately 24%. The reduction compared to our prior full-year estimate of approximately 26% is mainly attributed to further analysis, interpretation and clarification of the scope and impact of the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act in the U.S. Our lower interest expense in the quarter primarily reflects the impact of our ongoing efforts to optimize our capital structure following the passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. This included the decision to use existing cash to repay the principal for our recently matured May 2018 ten-year U.S. bond, which had a coupon of 5.65%. 3 (SLIDE 11.) Our total international market share, excluding China and the U.S., increased by 0.8 points in the quarter to 28.4% . The growth was driven by our heated tobacco brands, which reached 1.6% , up by 0.9 points. To put this performance into perspective, our heated tobacco brands now enjoy an international market share equivalent to that of Philip Morris -- our fourth-largest international cigarette brand -- after just over two years since the initial IQOS commercial expansion in Japan. Despite the increasing impact of adult smoker out-switching to our heated tobacco products, share for our cigarette brands was stable at 26.9% . (SLIDE 12.) I will now cover our performance in select geographies, beginning with an update for two markets -- Russia and Saudi Arabia -- that we flagged previously as potential watch-outs. In Russia, we recorded a strong pricing variance in the quarter, mainly driven by the annualization of pricing announced in the second-half of 2017, and further supported by price increases earlier this year. This built on our favorable pricing variance in the first quarter, and is a welcome change from 2017, during which we recorded essentially no net pricing in the market. Pricing in Russia was the main driver of the Eastern Europe Region's 14.7% combustible pricing variance for the year-to-date June period. We continue to closely monitor the pricing environment in the market, particularly in the context of the excise tax increase that came into effect at the start of this month. Encouragingly, since June the industry has been progressively announcing price increases in line with the tax increase pass-on of five Rubles per pack. It is important to note, however, that there continue to be differences in timing between when price increases are announced and when they actually reach the consumer at retail. Separately, I would like to highlight the favorable IQOS momentum in Russia, with HEETS offtake share in Moscow of 4.4% in the quarter, up by 1.7 points sequentially versus the first quarter. This growth was supported by the successful roll-out of our new digital initiatives. (SLIDE 13.) In Saudi Arabia, cigarette industry volume and PMI in-market sales volume remained under pressure in the quarter, declining by around 24% and 40%, respectively. However, the declines in both cases improved on a sequential basis, as the excise tax-driven price increases from June 2017 were finally lapped during the quarter. 4 We expect continued improvement in the sequential trends for both industry volume and our in-market sales over the balance of the year. Importantly, we will enter 2019 with this major drag on our profitability behind us. (SLIDE 14.) These positive developments are being reinforced by strong cigarette portfolio performances in a number of key markets, such Germany, Indonesia, the Philippines and Turkey, as highlighted on this slide. (SLIDE 15.) Turning now to IQOS in Japan, we recorded HeatSticks market share of 15.5% in the quarter, an increase of 5.5 points compared to the second quarter of 2017. While share for HeatSticks declined by 0.3 points compared to the first quarter of 2018, let me remind you that our first-quarter share was favorably impacted by a low total market in January reflecting a cigarette inventory reduction by our main competitor. In fact, in-market sales of HeatSticks in the second quarter increased by over 5% versus the first quarter to 6.6 billion units. We remain focused on re-accelerating HeatSticks share growth, particularly as competitors expand the availability of their heated tobacco products. In this regard, we are rolling out a range of initiatives this year -- which do not require incremental marketing expenditures -- to drive further switching to IQOS , including: • the introduction of the next generation of IQOS devices, which will offer significant improvements that address key consumer needs, including consecutive use; • the planned launch of a stronger-tasting HeatSticks variant in order to facilitate full flavor adult smoker switching, as well as a mainstream-priced product for more price-sensitive consumers; • the simplification of the registration process for new users, which was a significant barrier to entry, particularly for older smokers; • the intensification of our loyalty programs and deployment of more targeted and relevant communications for our existing and prospective IQOS users; and • the already addressed device reliability issues in the current generation of IQOS that had caused frustration among certain consumers. We conservatively assume today that these initiatives will have a limited favorable impact this year, with the full favorable effect coming as of the beginning of 2019. (SLIDE 16.) We continue to observe strong consumer interest in the heated tobacco category. As of June 2018, an estimated 34.7% of adult tobacco users in Japan had used a heated tobacco product in the preceding seven days, an increase of over two 5 points since March. This equates to around 150,000 additional users per month over the period. It is important to highlight that this general growth dynamic has not changed as a result of the presence of competitive products. However, there are different patterns of full adoption depending on the product, with IQOS having the highest exclusive use and per-device heated tobacco unit consumption. Other products appear to dilute the correlation between the number of users and category share. Thus, the heated tobacco category's consumption share of total tobacco volume -- which reached around 21% in June -- is lagging behind general heated tobacco user share. As the latter reflects an expression of interest in heated tobacco products and the potential for further conversion going forward, this augurs well for both the category and IQOS . (SLIDE 17.) We have previously highlighted the role that competitive churn associated with the introduction of new heated tobacco products to the market is having in Japan. In general, competitive products have the greatest impact following the initial launch, but, critically, it dissipates over time as consumers recognize the benefits…