Exhibit 99.1 Coca-Cola Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Results Global Unit Case Volume Declined 3% for the Quarter and 6% for the Full Year Net Revenues Declined 5% for the Quarter and 11% for the Full Year; Organic Revenues (Non-GAAP) Declined 3% for the Quarter and 9% for the Full Year Operating Income Grew 8% for the Quarter and Declined 11% for the Full Year; Comparable Currency Neutral Operating Income (Non-GAAP) Grew 14% for the Quarter and Was Even for the Full Year Fourth Quarter EPS Declined 29% to $0.34, and Comparable EPS (Non-GAAP) Grew 6% to $0.47; Full Year EPS Declined 13% to $1.79, and Comparable EPS (Non-GAAP) Declined 8% to $1.95 Cash from Operations Was $9.8 Billion for the Full Year, Down 6%; Full Year Free Cash Flow (Non-GAAP) Was $8.7 Billion, Up 3% Company Provides 2021 Financial Outlook ATLANTA, Feb. 10, 2020 – The Coca-Cola Company today reported fourth quarter and full year 2020 results, including sequential improvement in volume trends. The company also provided an update on its strategic transformation initiatives. Together with its bottling partners, the company continues to focus on moving swiftly to execute against system priorities and to win in the marketplace. "In 2020, employees from across The Coca-Cola Company and its bottling system worked tirelessly to learn and adapt amidst a global crisis," said James Quincey, chairman and CEO of The Coca-Cola Company. "The progress we made in 2020, including the actions taken to accelerate the transformation of our company, gives us confidence in returning to growth in the year ahead. While near-term uncertainty remains, we are well-positioned to emerge stronger from the crisis, driven by our purpose and our beverages for life ambition." Highlights Quarterly / Full Year Performance • Revenues: For the quarter, net revenues declined 5% to $8.6 billion and organic revenues (non-GAAP) declined 3%. This was driven by a 3% decline in price/mix while concentrate sales were even. The quarter included two additional days, which resulted in an approximate 2-point benefit to revenue growth. The company continued to see improvement in trends compared to prior quarters. For the year, net revenues declined 11% to $33.0 billion and organic revenues (non-GAAP) declined 9%. This was driven by a 7% decline in concentrate sales and a 2% decline in price/mix. • Margin: For the quarter, operating margin, which included items impacting comparability, was 27.2% versus 23.9% in the prior year, while comparable operating margin (non-GAAP) was 27.3% versus 24.8% in the prior year. For the full 1 year, operating margin, which included items impacting comparability, was 27.3% versus 27.1% in the prior year, while comparable operating margin (non-GAAP) was 29.6% versus 27.9% in the prior year. For both the quarter and the full year, operating margin expansion was primarily driven by effective cost management, partially offset by top-line pressure and currency headwinds. • Earnings per share: For the quarter, EPS declined 29% to $0.34, and comparable EPS (non-GAAP) grew 6% to $0.47. For the full year, EPS declined 13% to $1.79, and comparable EPS (non-GAAP) declined 8% to $1.95. Fourth quarter and full year comparable EPS (non-GAAP) performance included the impact of 9-point and 6-point currency headwinds, respectively. • Market share: For the quarter, the company's value share in total nonalcoholic ready-to-drink (NARTD) beverages was even, while for the full year, the company lost NARTD value share. For both the quarter and the full year, the company gained underlying share in both at-home and away-from-home channels, which was offset by negative channel mix due to continued pressure in away-from-home channels, where the company has a strong share position. • Cash flow: Cash from operations was $9.8 billion for the year, down 6%, largely driven by pressure on the business due to the coronavirus pandemic and a currency headwind. Full year free cash flow (non-GAAP) was $8.7 billion, up 3%, primarily driven by lower capital expenditures versus the prior year. Business Environment and Strategic Actions Update Global unit case volume trends remain closely linked to consumer mobility and the health of away-from-home channels. While volume trends have broadly remained resilient amidst the continuing uncertainty surrounding the coronavirus pandemic, the company experienced incremental pressure in December and into the early part of this year due to a resurgence of the coronavirus in many parts of the world. Through early February 2021, the company has experienced a volume decline of mid single digits globally, with continued elevated levels of sales in at-home channels being more than offset by pressure in away-from-home channels. The company has made progress on its strategic transformation through the pandemic, including rewiring to become a more networked organization. The company is confident in its ability to gain share and consumers, maintain strong system economics, strengthen its reputation with key stakeholders and position the organization to win. The organization is on a path to emerge stronger and is positioned for long-term success. While there are still uncertainties related to the pandemic, the company has greater visibility into its future recovery and is confident that its actions will continue to mitigate the effects of the crisis. As a result, the company has reinstated guidance and is providing its 2021 outlook. Company Updates • Update on ongoing tax litigation with the IRS: In November 2020, the U.S. Tax Court issued an opinion in the company's 2015 litigation with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) involving transfer pricing tax adjustments. The court predominantly sided with the IRS. The company believes that it will ultimately prevail in the litigation based on the technical and legal merits of the company's position, its consultation with outside advisors, and the company's belief that the IRS' retroactive imposition of tax liability is unconstitutional. Accordingly, the company is not recording a provision for the full amount of the potential liability. However, in consideration of the tax consequences resulting from the application of alternative transfer pricing methodologies that could be applied by the courts in resolving the litigated matters, the company recorded a tax reserve of $438 million for the year ended Dec. 31, 2020. While the company disagrees with the IRS' position and intends to vigorously defend its position, it is possible that some portion or all of the adjustment sustained by the U.S. Tax Court could ultimately be upheld. The company has therefore calculated the potential liability of approximately $12 billion that could result from the application of the IRS' 2 proposed transfer pricing methodology to relevant foreign licensees, including taxes and interest accrued through Dec. 31, 2020. The company would also have an incremental annual tax liability for future years that would increase its underlying effective tax rate (non-GAAP) by approximately 3.5%. For more details, refer to

Exhibit 99.2 Updated Information Related to Tax Audits (The Coca-Cola Company (the "Company") is involved in various tax matters which have uncertain outcomes. The Company generally provides updates to tax matters in its periodic reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). The following is an update to disclosures regarding tax audits that were included in Note 8: Commitments and Contingencies of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 25, 2020, filed on October 22, 2020). On September 17, 2015, the Company received a Statutory Notice of Deficiency (the "Notice") from the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") seeking approximately $3.3 billion of additional federal income tax for years 2007-2009. In the Notice, the IRS stated its intent to reallocate over $9 billion of income to the U.S. parent company from certain of its foreign affiliates that the U.S. parent company licensed to manufacture, distribute, sell, market, and promote its products in certain non-U.S. markets. The Notice concerned the Company's transfer pricing between its U.S. parent company and certain of its foreign affiliates. IRS rules governing transfer pricing require arm's-length pricing of transactions between related parties such as the Company’s U.S. parent and its foreign affiliates. To resolve the same transfer pricing issue for the tax years 1987-1995, the Company and the IRS had agreed in 1996 on an arm's-length methodology for determining the amount of U.S. taxable income that the U.S. parent company would report as compensation from its foreign licensees. The Company and the IRS memorialized this accord in a closing agreement resolving that dispute (the "Closing Agreement"). The Closing Agreement provided that, absent a change in material facts or circumstances or relevant federal tax law, in calculating the Company's income taxes going forward, the Company would not be assessed penalties by the IRS for using the agreed-upon tax calculation methodology that the Company and the IRS agreed would be used for the 1987-1995 tax years. The IRS audited and confirmed the Company's compliance with the agreed-upon Closing Agreement methodology in five successive audit cycles for tax years 1996-2006. The September 17, 2015 Notice from the IRS retroactively rejected the previously agreed-upon methodology for the 2007-2009 tax years, in favor of an entirely different methodology, without prior notice to the Company. Using the new tax calculation methodology, the IRS reallocated over $9 billion of income to the U.S. parent company from its foreign licensees for tax years 2007-2009. Consistent with the Closing Agreement, the IRS did not assert penalties, and it has yet to do so. The IRS designated the Company's matter for litigation on October 15, 2015. Litigation designation is an IRS determination that forecloses to a company any and all alternative means for resolution of a tax dispute. As a result of the IRS' designation of the Company's matter for litigation, the Company was forced either to accept the IRS' newly imposed tax assessment and pay the full amount of the asserted tax or litigate the matter in the federal courts. The matter remains subject to the IRS' litigation designation, preventing the Company from any attempt to settle or otherwise mutually resolve the matter with the IRS. The Company consequently initiated litigation by filing a petition in the U.S. Tax Court ("Tax Court") in December 2015, challenging the tax adjustments enumerated in the Notice. Prior to trial, the IRS increased its transfer pricing adjustment by $385 million, resulting in an additional tax adjustment of $135 million. The Company obtained a summary judgment in its favor on a different matter related to Mexican foreign tax credits, which thereafter effectively reduced the IRS' potential tax adjustment by approximately $138 million. The trial was held in the Tax Court from March through May 2018, and final post-trial briefs were filed and exchanged in April 2019. On November 18, 2020, the Tax Court issued an opinion (the "Opinion") in which it predominantly sided with the IRS but agreed with the Company that dividends previously paid by the foreign licensees to the U.S. parent company in reliance upon the Closing Agreement should continue to be allowed to offset royalties, including those that would become payable to the Company in accordance with the Opinion. The Tax Court reserved ruling on the effect of Brazilian legal restrictions on the payment of royalties by the Company's licensee in Brazil until after the Tax Court issues its opinion in the separate case of 3M Co. & Subs. v. Commissioner, T.C. Docket No. 5816-13 (filed March 11, 2013). Once the Tax Court issues its opinion in 3M Co. & Subs. v. Commissioner, the Company expects…