EXHIBIT 99.1 Exhibit News Release The Procter & Gamble Company One P&G Plaza Cincinnati, OH 45202 P&G ANNOUNCES FIRST QUARTER EARNINGS Net Sales Unchanged; Organic Sales +3%; Diluted Net EPS $0.96, +5%; Core EPS $1.03, +5% CINCINNATI, October 25, 2016 - The Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) reported first quarter fiscal year 2017 net sales of $16.5 billion, unchanged versus the prior year. Organic sales increased three percent. Organic sales increased in all five business segments driven by low-to-mid single digit organic volume growth in all segments. Diluted net earnings per share were $0.96, an increase of five percent versus the prior year. Core earnings per share were $1.03, an increase of five percent versus the prior year. Currency-neutral core EPS increased 12% versus the prior year. Reported operating profit margin was unchanged. Core operating profit margin increased 20 basis points as improvement in core gross margin was partially offset by an increase in core SG&A costs as a percent of net sales. Operating cash flow was $3.0 billion for the quarter. Free cash flow productivity was 85%. The Company repurchased $1 billion of common stock and returned $1.9 billion of cash to shareholders as dividends. “Our first quarter results mark a good start to the fiscal year,” said Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer David Taylor. “We delivered broad-based organic sales growth improvement across product categories and markets, as well as strong cost savings. Earlier this month, we completed the last major step in P&G’s portfolio transformation with the Beauty Brands divestiture to Coty Inc. We are now focusing all our efforts on 10 large, structurally attractive categories where P&G holds leading positions. We’re pleased with the progress we’re making, but there is still more work to do to get back to the levels of balanced top- and bottom-line growth and cash generation that will consistently put P&G shareholder value creation among the best in our industry.” July - September Quarter Discussion Net sales in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 were $16.5 billion, unchanged versus prior year, including a negative three percent impact from foreign exchange. Organic sales increased three percent driven by a three percent increase in organic shipment volume. All-in volume increased two percent including the impacts of minor brand divestitures and lost sales to Venezuelan subsidiaries. July - September 2016 Net Sales Drivers* Volume Foreign Exchange Price Mix Other** Net Sales Organic Volume Organic Sales Beauty (2)% (2)% 1% 1% 1% (1)% 2% 3% Grooming —% (3)% 1% —% 1% (1)% 3% 3% Health Care 5% (3)% 1% 1% —% 4% 5% 7% Fabric & Home Care 2% (2)% (1)% 1% 1% 1% 4% 4% Baby, Feminine & Family Care 3% (3)% (1)% (1)% 1% (1)% 4% 2% Total P&G 2% (3)% —% —% 1% —% 3% 3% * Net sales percentage changes are approximations based on quantitative formulas that are consistently applied. ** Other includes the sales mix impact of acquisitions/divestitures and rounding impacts necessary to reconcile volume to net sales. • Beauty segment organic sales increased three percent versus year ago behind higher organic volume and increased pricing in both Hair Care and Skin & Personal Care. Organic sales increased in Skin & Personal Care due to the continued strong growth of the super-premium SK-II brand. Hair Care growth was driven by mid-single-digit organic sales growth on both Pantene and Head & Shoulders which was partially offset by declines of smaller brands. • Grooming segment organic sales increased three percent due to strong innovation-driven organic volume growth in both Shave Care and Appliances. Organic sales increased low single digits in Shave Care and mid-single digits in Appliances. • Health Care segment organic sales increased seven percent driven by double-digit growth in Personal Health Care from innovation and pricing. Oral Care organic sales grew mid-single digits due to broad-based volume growth and favorable product mix from power toothbrushes and pricing. • Fabric & Home Care segment organic sales increased four percent versus year ago driven by mid-single-digit growth in both Fabric Care and Home Care. Fabric Care organic sales growth was led by high single-digit growth in developed markets behind product innovation and marketing investments. Home Care delivered mid-single-digit organic sales growth in developed and developing markets behind the expansion of product innovation. • Baby, Feminine & Family Care segment organic sales increased two percent driven by mid-single-digit organic volume growth in all three businesses. Baby Care organic sales increased low single digits behind market growth, product innovation and consumer value corrections. Feminine Care organic sales increased low single digits behind mid-single-digit volume growth in both developed and developing markets. Family Care organic sales increased low single digits driven by new product innovation. Diluted net earnings per share from continuing operations were $1.00, an increase of four percent over the base period. Diluted net earnings per share were $0.96, an increase of five percent versus the prior year. Current year results included a $0.04 per share loss from discontinued operations and non-core restructuring costs of $0.03 per share. Core earnings per share, which exclude non-core restructuring charges and the results of discontinued operations, were $1.03, an increase of five percent versus the prior year. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, currency-neutral core earnings per share increased 12% for the quarter. Reported gross margin increased 30 basis points, including a 20 basis point increase in non-core restructuring charges. Core gross margin improved 50 basis points, including 80 basis points of negative foreign exchange impacts. On a currency-neutral basis, core gross margin increased 130 basis points, driven by 190 basis points of productivity cost savings and 20 basis points of volume growth leverage. These benefits more than offset headwinds from unfavorable mix, innovation and capacity investments and commodity cost increases. Selling, general and administrative expense (SG&A) as a percent of sales increased 20 basis points on a reported basis versus the prior year, including a 10 basis point net benefit from a year-on-year decline in non-core restructuring charges. Core SG&A as a percentage of sales increased 40 basis points, including 30 basis points of unfavorable foreign exchange impacts. On a currency-neutral basis, core SG&A was up 10 basis points versus the prior year as increased advertising and sampling investments were partially offset by productivity savings in overhead and marketing costs. Reported operating profit margin was unchanged. Core operating profit margin increased 20 basis points versus the prior year, including 100 basis points of foreign exchange impacts. On a currency-neutral basis, core operating profit margin increased 120 basis points driven by productivity cost savings of 270 basis points for the quarter. Fiscal Year 2017 Guidance P&G said it is maintaining its projection for organic sales growth of approximately two percent for fiscal 2017. The Company expects the combined headwinds of foreign exchange and minor brand divestitures to reduce sales growth by about one percentage point. As a result, P&G continues to estimate all-in sales growth of about one percent for fiscal 2017. The Company also maintains its expectation for core earnings per share growth of mid-single digits versus fiscal 2016 core EPS of $3.67. All-in GAAP earnings per share are expected to increase 45% to 50% versus fiscal year 2016 GAAP EPS of $3.69. The fiscal 2017 GAAP EPS estimate includes approximately $0.10 per share of non-core restructuring costs and $0.13 per share of charges related to early debt retirement that was initiated earlier this month. Also included in GAAP EPS is a significant gain from the divestiture of 41 beauty brands to Coty Inc. The exact earnings gain from the transaction with Coty, which closed October 1, 2016, will be reported in the second quarter results. Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this release or presentation, other than purely historical information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives, and expected operating results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words “believe,” “project,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “intend,” “strategy,” “future,” “opportunity,” “plan,” “may,” “should,” “will,” “would,” “will be,” “will continue,” “will likely result,” and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events or otherwise. Risks and uncertainties to which our forward-looking statements are subject include, without limitation: (1) the ability to successfully manage global financial risks, including foreign currency fluctuations, currency exchange or pricing controls and localized volatility; (2) the ability to successfully manage local, regional or global economic volatility, including reduced market growth rates, and generate sufficient income and cash flow to allow the Company to effect the expected share repurchases and dividend payments; (3) the ability to manage disruptions in credit markets or changes to our credit rating; (4) the ability to maintain key manufacturing and supply arrangements (including sole supplier and sole manufacturing plant arrangements) and manage disruption of business due to factors outside of our control, such as natural disasters and acts of war or terrorism; (5) the ability to successfully manage cost fluctuations and pressures, including commodity prices, raw materials, labor costs, energy costs and pension and health care costs; (6) the ability to stay on the leading edge of innovation, obtain necessary intellectual property protections and successfully respond to technological advances attained by, and patents granted to, competitors; (7) the ability to compete with our local and global competitors in new and existing sales channels, including by successfully responding to competitive factors such as prices, promotional incentives and trade terms for products; (8) the ability to manage and maintain key customer relationships; (9) the ability to protect our reputation and brand equity by successfully managing real or perceived issues, including concerns about safety, quality, ingredients, efficacy or similar matters that may arise; (10) the ability to successfully manage the financial, legal, reputational and operational risk associated with third party relationships, such as our suppliers, contractors and external business partners; (11) the ability to rely on and maintain key information technology systems and networks (including Company and third-party systems and networks) and maintain the security and functionality of such systems and networks and the data contained therein; (12) the ability to successfully manage regulatory and legal requirements and matters (including, without limitation, those laws and regulations involving product liability, intellectual property, antitrust, privacy, tax, accounting standards and environmental) and to resolve pending matters within current estimates; (13) the ability to manage changes in applicable tax laws and regulations; (14) the ability to successfully manage our…