Exhibit 99.1 Palo Alto Networks Reports Fiscal Third Quarter 2017 Financial Results • Revenue grows 25 percent year over year to $431.8 million • Billings grow 12 percent year over year to $544.1 million • Deferred revenue grows 51 percent year over year to $1.6 billion • Cash flow from operations of $211.2 million, and free cash flow of $162.6 million SANTA CLARA, Calif. — May 31, 2017 — Palo Alto Networks ® (NYSE: PANW), the next-generation security company, today announced financial results for its fiscal third quarter 2017 ended April 30, 2017. Total revenue for the fiscal third quarter 2017 grew 25 percent year over year to $431.8 million, compared with total revenue of $345.8 million for the fiscal third quarter 2016. GAAP net loss for the fiscal third quarter 2017 was $60.9 million, or $0.67 per diluted share, compared with GAAP net loss of $64.1 million, or $0.73 per diluted share, for the fiscal third quarter 2016. Non-GAAP net income for the fiscal third quarter 2017 was $57.1 million, or $0.61 per diluted share, compared with non-GAAP net income of $42.3 million, or $0.46 per diluted share, for the fiscal third quarter 2016. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP information is contained in the tables below. “We reported record revenue of $432 million in our fiscal third quarter and added the second highest number of new customers in the company’s history,” said Mark McLaughlin, chief executive officer of Palo Alto Networks. “The integrated and highly automated prevention capabilities of our Next-Generation 1 Security Platform continue to differentiate us in the market as we help our customers protect our digital way of life.” “Expansion within our existing customer base and new customer acquisitions in the quarter drove growth in revenue, billings and deferred revenue,” commented Steffan Tomlinson, chief financial officer of Palo Alto Networks. “In addition, we continue to balance growth and profitability, as cash flow from operations totaled $211.2 million in the quarter, free cash flow totaled $162.6 million, and we ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and investments of $2.1 billion.” Recent Highlights • Announced enhancements to our Traps advanced endpoint protection offering – With Traps™ version 4.0, we expanded our multi-method prevention approach to block both known and unknown malware as well as exploits before they compromise endpoints. The enhancements also include the addition of support for macOS ® and Android ® (beta), plus several new prevention modules designed to detect and stop ransomware and other advanced threats. • Won the SANS Best of 2016 Award for Next Generation Firewall – Each year SANS surveys its community for nominations for its “Best of the Year” awards for products and services that have been successfully used to provide increases in both the effectiveness and efficiency of cybersecurity programs. The products were voted on by security operations professionals and security managers from around the world, all of whom are actual users of these products, with Palo Alto Networks taking top honors in the Next Generation Firewall category. • Expanded availability of Aperture SaaS security service to both Europe and APAC – We have made the Aperture™ SaaS security service available in Europe and APAC with new data centers in 2 Germany and Singapore to alleviate concerns organizations may have in relation to data privacy and data transfer. For any organization operating across international borders, embracing SaaS applications brings security challenges, coupled with data privacy concerns, that can limit the ability to store, share or transfer data outside of the region, even for security purposes. • Joined forces with AT&T, IBM and others to form IoT Cybersecurity Alliance – Recognizing that IoT presents daunting cybersecurity challenges that can jeopardize trust in our digital age, we are pleased to be joining forces with other notable industry leaders, including AT&T, IBM, Nokia, Symantec and Trustonic, to help customers demystify IoT security, share best practices, conduct research and raise awareness of ways to better secure the IoT ecosystem. Financial Outlook Palo Alto Networks provides guidance based on current market conditions and expectations. For the fiscal fourth quarter 2017, we expect: • Total revenue in the range of $481 to $491 million, representing year-over-year growth between 20 percent and 23 percent. • Diluted non-GAAP net income per share in the range of $0.78 to $0.80 using 93 to 95 million shares. Guidance for non-GAAP financial measures excludes share-based compensation related charges including share-based payroll tax expense, acquisition related costs, amortization expense of acquired intangible assets, litigation-related charges including legal settlements, non-cash interest expense related to our convertible senior notes, foreign currency gains (losses) and income and other tax effects associated with these items, and certain non-recurring expenses. We have not reconciled diluted non-GAAP net income 3 per share guidance to GAAP net income (loss) per diluted share because we do not provide guidance on GAAP net income (loss) and would not be able to present the various reconciling cash and non-cash items between GAAP net income (loss) and non-GAAP net income (loss), including share-based compensation expense, without unreasonable effort. Share-based compensation expense is impacted by the company’s future hiring and retention needs and, to a lesser extent, the future fair market value of the company’s common stock, all of which is difficult to predict and subject to constant change. The actual amounts of such reconciling items will have a significant impact on the company’s GAAP net income (loss) per diluted share. Conference Call Information Palo Alto Networks will host a conference call for analysts and investors to discuss its fiscal third quarter 2017 results and outlook for its fiscal fourth quarter 2017 today at 4:30 p.m. Eastern time/1:30 p.m. Pacific time. Open to the public, investors may access the call by dialing 1-888-438-5448 or 1-719-325-2432 and using conference ID 6536755. A live audio webcast of the conference call, along with supplemental financial information, will also be accessible from the “Investors” section of our website at investors.paloaltonetworks.com. Following the webcast, an archived version will be available on our website for one year. A telephonic replay of the call will be available three hours after the call, will run for ten days, and may be accessed by dialing 1-888-203-1112 or 1-719-457-0820 and entering the passcode 6536755. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, including statements regarding our future financial and operating performance, including our financial outlook for the fiscal fourth quarter 2017. There are a significant number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from statements made in this press release, including: our limited operating history; our 4 ability to identify and effectively implement the necessary changes to address execution challenges; risks associated with managing our rapid growth; our limited experience with new product and subscription and support introductions and the risks associated with new products and subscription and support offerings, including the discovery of software bugs; our ability to attract and retain new customers; the failure to timely develop and achieve market acceptance of new products and subscriptions as well as existing products and subscription and support; rapidly evolving technological developments in the market for network security products and subscription and support offerings; length of sales cycles; and general market, political, economic and business conditions. Additional risks and uncertainties that could affect our financial results are included under the captions “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on March 1, 2017, which is available on our website at investors.paloaltonetworks.com and on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Additional information will also be set forth in other filings that we make with the SEC from time to time. All forward-looking statements in this press release are based on information available to us as of the date hereof, and we do not assume any obligation to update the forward-looking statements provided to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they were made. Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Other Key Metrics Palo Alto Networks has provided in this press release financial information that has not been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP). The company uses these non-GAAP financial measures and key metrics internally in analyzing its financial results and believes that the use of these non-GAAP financial measures and key metrics is useful to investors as an additional tool to evaluate ongoing operating results and trends and in comparing the company’s financial 5 results with other companies in its industry, many of which present similar non-GAAP financial measures or key metrics. The presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures and key metrics are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP financial measures, and should be read only in conjunction with the company’s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of the company’s historical non-GAAP financial measures and key metrics to their most directly comparable GAAP measures has been provided in the financial statement tables included in this press release, and investors are encouraged to review these reconciliations. Non-GAAP net income and net income per share, diluted. Palo Alto Networks defines non-GAAP net income as net income (loss) plus share-based compensation related charges including share-based payroll tax expense, acquisition related costs, amortization expense of acquired intangible assets, litigation related charges including legal settlements, non-cash interest expense related to the company’s convertible senior notes, and intellectual property restructuring related charges. The company also excludes from non-GAAP net income the foreign currency gains (losses) and tax effects associated with these items in order to provide a complete picture of the company’s recurring core business operating results. The company defines non-GAAP net income per share, diluted, as non-GAAP net income divided by the weighted average diluted shares outstanding, which includes the potentially dilutive effect of the company’s employee equity incentive plan awards and the company’s convertible senior notes outstanding, after giving effect to the anti-dilutive impact of the company’s note hedge agreements, which reduces the potential economic dilution that otherwise would occur upon conversion of the company’s convertible senior notes. Under GAAP, the anti-dilutive impact of the note hedge is not reflected in diluted shares outstanding. The company believes that excluding these items from non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP net income per share, diluted, provides management and investors with greater visibility into the 6 underlying performance of the company’s core business operating results, meaning its operating performance excluding these items and, from time to time, other discrete charges that are infrequent in nature, over multiple periods. Billings . Palo Alto Networks defines billings as total revenue plus the change in total deferred revenue, net of acquired deferred revenue, during the period. The company considers billings to be a key metric used by management to manage the company’s business given the…