Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition On September 29, 2016, Accenture plc (“Accenture”) issued a news release announcing financial results for its fourth quarter and full fiscal year ended August 31, 2016. A copy of the news release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99. All information in the news release is furnished but not filed. Non-GAAP Financial Information In the attached news release Accenture discloses the following non-GAAP financial measures: • Free cash flow (defined as operating cash flow net of property and equipment additions). Accenture’s management believes that this information provides meaningful additional information regarding the company’s liquidity. • Percentage changes in revenues before reimbursements (“net revenues”) on a local currency basis. Financial results in local currency are calculated by restating current period activity into U.S. dollars using the comparable prior year period’s foreign currency exchange rates. This approach is used for all results where the functional currency is not the U.S. dollar. Accenture’s management believes that information regarding changes in its net revenues that excludes the effect of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates facilitates meaningful comparison of its net revenues before reimbursements. • Diluted earnings per share, operating income, operating margin, net income and effective tax rate excluding the non-cash charge related to the settlement of certain U.S. pension obligations and the gains on the sale of businesses related to the divestiture of Navitaire and the partial divestiture of Duck Creek Technologies. Accenture’s management believes that information regarding the effects of the settlement charge and the Navitaire and Duck Creek transactions facilitates an understanding as to the impacts of these items and the company’s operating performance. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP are included in the news release. While Accenture’s management believes that this non-GAAP financial information is useful in evaluating Accenture’s operations, this information should be considered as supplemental in nature and not as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP.

Exhibit 99. All information in the news release is furnished but not filed. Non-GAAP Financial Information In the attached news release Accenture discloses the following non-GAAP financial measures: • Free cash flow (defined as operating cash flow net of property and equipment additions). Accenture’s management believes that this information provides meaningful additional information regarding the company’s liquidity. • Percentage changes in revenues before reimbursements (“net revenues”) on a local currency basis. Financial results in local currency are calculated by restating current period activity into U.S. dollars using the comparable prior year period’s foreign currency exchange rates. This approach is used for all results where the functional currency is not the U.S. dollar. Accenture’s management believes that information regarding changes in its net revenues that excludes the effect of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates facilitates meaningful comparison of its net revenues before reimbursements. • Diluted earnings per share, operating income, operating margin, net income and effective tax rate excluding the non-cash charge related to the settlement of certain U.S. pension obligations and the gains on the sale of businesses related to the divestiture of Navitaire and the partial divestiture of Duck Creek Technologies. Accenture’s management believes that information regarding the effects of the settlement charge and the Navitaire and Duck Creek transactions facilitates an understanding as to the impacts of these items and the company’s operating performance. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP are included in the news release. While Accenture’s management believes that this non-GAAP financial information is useful in evaluating Accenture’s operations, this information should be considered as supplemental in nature and not as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP.