Exhibit 99.1 May 23, 2023 For 6:00 a.m. ET Release LOWE’S REPORTS FIRST QUARTER 2023 SALES AND EARNINGS RESULTS — Diluted EPS of $3.77; Adjusted Diluted EPS 1 of $3.67 — — Comparable Sales Decreased 4.3% — — Updates Full Year 2023 Outlook — MOORESVILLE, N.C., May 23, 2023 – Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (NYSE: LOW) today reported net earnings of $2.3 billion and diluted earnings per share (EPS) of $3.77 for the quarter ended May 5, 2023, compared to diluted EPS of $3.51 in the first quarter of 2022 . During the first quarter, the company recognized a gain associated with the 2022 sale of the Canadian retail business. This positively impacted first quarter diluted EPS by $0.10. Excluding this benefit, the company delivered adjusted diluted EPS 1 of $3.67, an increase of 5% compared to prior year. Total sales for the quarter were $22.3 billion 2 . Comparable sales decreased 4.3%, driven by lumber deflation, unfavorable weather and lower DIY discretionary sales. Comparable sales are based on comparison to weeks 2-14 in 2022. “We are pleased with the performance of our business despite record lumber deflation and unfavorable spring weather. Although we delivered positive comparable sales in Pro and online for the first quarter, we are updating our full-year outlook to reflect softer-than-expected consumer demand for discretionary purchases,” said Marvin R. Ellison, Lowe’s chairman, president and CEO. “We remain optimistic about the medium-to-long term outlook for home improvement and our ability to continue to grow market share through our Total Home strategy. I would like to thank all of our front-line associates for their continued hard work and dedication.” Capital Allocation The company continues to execute a disciplined capital allocation program to deliver long-term, sustainable shareholder value. During the quarter, the company repurchased approximately 10.6 million shares for $2.1 billion, and it paid $633 million in dividends. 1 Adjusted diluted earnings per share is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the “Non-GAAP Financial Measure Reconciliation” section of this release for additional information as well as a reconciliation between the company’s GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. 2 Total first quarter sales includes approximately $735 million related to a timing shift in our fiscal calendar as we cycle over a 53-week year. Lowe’s Business Outlook Based on higher-than-expected lumber deflation and lower-than-expected DIY discretionary sales, the company is updating its outlook for the operating results of full year 2023. Adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, adjusted diluted EPS and adjusted effective income tax rate are non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the gain associated with the 2022 sale of the Canadian retail business, recorded in the first quarter. The company does not provide a reconciliation for non-GAAP estimates on a forward-looking basis where it is unable to provide a meaningful or accurate calculation or estimation of reconciling items without unreasonable effort, including timing of adjustments associated with the sale of our Canadian retail business. Full Year 2023 Outlook – a 52-week Year (comparisons to full year 2022 – a 53-week year) • Total sales of approximately $87 – $89 billion (previously $88 – 90 billion) • Comparable sales expected to be down -2% to -4% as compared to prior year (previously flat to down -2%) • Adjusted operating income as a percentage of sales (adjusted operating margin) of 13.4% to 13.6% (previously 13.6% to 13.8%) • Interest expense of approximately $1.5 billion • Adjusted effective income tax rate of approximately 25% • Adjusted diluted earnings per share of $13.20 to $13.60 (previously $13.60 to $14.00) • Capital expenditures of up to $2 billion A conference call to discuss first quarter 2023 operating results is scheduled for today, Tuesday, May 23, at 9 a.m. ET. The conference call will be available by webcast and can be accessed by visiting Lowe’s website at ir.lowes.com and clicking on Lowe’s First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call Webcast. Supplemental slides will be available approximately 15 minutes prior to the start of the conference call. A replay of the call will be archived at ir.lowes.com. Lowe’s Companies, Inc. Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (NYSE: LOW) is a FORTUNE® 50 home improvement company serving approximately 17 million customer transactions a week in the U.S. With total fiscal year 2022 sales of over $97 billion, approximately $92 billion of sales were generated in the U.S., where Lowe's operates over 1,700 home improvement stores and employs approximately 300,000 associates. Based in Mooresville, N.C., Lowe’s supports the communities it serves through programs focused on creating safe, affordable housing and helping to develop the next generation of skilled trade experts. For more information, visit Lowes.com. Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This press release includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements including words such as “believe”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “plan”, “desire”, “project”, “estimate”, “intend”, “will”, “should”, “could”, “would”, “may”, “strategy”, “potential”, “opportunity”, “outlook”, “scenario”, “guidance”, and similar expressions are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve, among other things, expectations, projections, and assumptions about future financial and operating results, objectives (including objectives related to environmental, social, and governance matters), business outlook, priorities, sales growth, shareholder value, capital expenditures, cash flows, the housing market, the home improvement industry, demand for products and services, share repurchases, Lowe’s strategic initiatives, including those relating to acquisitions and dispositions and the impact of such transactions on our strategic and operational plans and financial results. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, and we can give no assurance that they will prove to be correct. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. A wide variety of potential risks, uncertainties, and other factors could materially affect our ability to achieve the results either expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements including, but not limited to, changes in general economic conditions, such as volatility and/or lack of liquidity from time to time in U.S. and world financial markets and the consequent reduced availability and/or higher cost of borrowing to Lowe's and its customers, slower rates of growth in real disposable personal income that could affect the rate of growth in consumer spending, inflation and its impacts on discretionary spending and on our costs, shortages, and other disruptions in the labor supply, interest rate and currency fluctuations, home price appreciation or decreasing housing turnover, age of housing stock, the availability of consumer credit and of mortgage financing, trade policy changes or additional tariffs, outbreaks of pandemics, fluctuations in fuel and energy costs, inflation or deflation of commodity prices, natural disasters, armed conflicts, acts of both domestic and international terrorism, and other factors that can negatively affect our customers. Investors and others should carefully consider the foregoing factors and other uncertainties, risks and potential events including, but not limited to, those described in “

Exhibit 99.2 Total Home Strategy Providing a full complement of products and services for Pros and Consumers alike, enabling a Total Home solution for every need in the home Market Share Acceleration Drive Pro penetration Accelerate online business Expand installation services Drive localization Elevate assortment Q1 2023 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures Management of Lowe's Companies, Inc. (the Company) uses certain non-GAAP financial measures to provide additional insight for analysts and investors in evaluating the Company's financial and operating performance. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered alternatives to, or more meaningful indicators of, the Company's financial measures as prepared in accordance with GAAP. The Company's methods of determining these non-GAAP financial measures may differ from the methods used by other companies and may not be comparable. The Company has provided the following non-GAAP financial measures for comparing its operating performance for the three months ended May 5, 2023: adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, and adjusted diluted earnings per share. These measures exclude the impacts of certain items, further described below, not contemplated in Lowe's Business Outlook to assist the user in understanding operational performance for the first quarter of fiscal 2023. Fiscal 2023 Impacts During fiscal 2023, the Company recognized financial impacts from the following, not contemplated in the Company's Business Outlook for fiscal 2023: • In the first quarter of fiscal 2023, the Company recognized pre-tax income of $63 million consisting of a realized gain on the contingent consideration and estimated adjustments to the selling price associated with the fiscal 2022 sale of the Canadian retail business (Canadian retail business transaction). The following provides a reconciliation of the Company's non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure: Three Months Ended Adjusted Operating Income (in millions, except percentage data) May 5, 2023 Operating Income, As Reported $ 3,288 Canadian retail business transaction (63) Adjusted Operating Income $ 3,225 Operating Margin, As Reported 14.71 % Adjusted Operating Margin 14.43 % Three Months Ended May 5, 2023 Adjusted Diluted Earnings Per Share Pre-Tax Earnings Tax 1 Net Earnings Diluted Earnings Per Share, As Reported $ 3.77 Canadian retail business transaction (0.10) — (0.10) Adjusted Diluted Earnings Per Share $ 3.67 1 Represents the corresponding tax benefit or expense specifically related to the item excluded from adjusted diluted earnings per share. Forward-Looking Statements This presentation includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements including words such as “believe”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “plan”, “desire”, “project”, “estimate”, “intend”, “will”, “should”, “could”, “would”, “may”, “strategy”, “potential”, “opportunity”, “outlook”, “scenario”, “guidance”, and similar expressions are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve, among other things, expectations, projections, and assumptions about future financial and operating results, objectives (including objectives related to environmental, social, and governance matters), business outlook, priorities, sales growth, shareholder value, capital expenditures, cash flows, the housing market, the home improvement industry, demand for products and services, share repurchases, Lowe’s strategic initiatives, including those relating to acquisitions and dispositions and the impact of such transactions on our strategic and operational plans and financial results. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, and we can give no assurance that they will prove to be correct. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. A wide variety of potential risks, uncertainties, and other factors could materially affect our ability to achieve the results either expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements including, but not limited to, changes in general economic conditions, such as volatility and/or lack of liquidity from time to time in U.S. and world financial markets and the consequent reduced availability and/or higher cost of borrowing to Lowe's and its customers, slower rates of growth in real disposable personal…