Exhibit 99.2 January 15, 2026 Earnings Release Supplement A broadly diversified business across clients, products and geographies Base fees include investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue. Base fees and AUM by region data are based on client domicile. 1 Product Type Client Type Style Region Assets Under Management of $14.0 trillion at December 31, 2025 Q4 2025 Base Fees and Securities Lending Revenue of $5.3 billion LTM organic asset growth rate (%) LTM organic base fee growth rate (%) Net flows($ in billions) Total BlackRock Retail Long-term Institutional Long-term 2 Institutional Active Institutional Index ETFs Long-term 12% 6% 8% 8% 11% 11% 11% 11% Long-term Cash 0% 1% (1)% (2)% 0% 2% 1% 1% 3% 3% 5% 6% 6% 6% 8% 1% 1% 3% 4% 6% 7% 3% 1% 6% (1)% 0% 1% 3% 3% 3% 3% 0% LTM organic asset growth rate measures rolling last twelve months net flows over beginning of period assets. Beginning in the first quarter of 2025, BlackRock updated the presentation of the Company's AUM line items. In addition, beginning in the first quarter of 2025, BlackRock updated the presentation of net flows to separately disclose realizations, which represent return of capital/return on investments. Realizations have not been recast for prior periods. LTM organic base fee growth rate is calculated by dividing net new base fees earned on net asset inflows for the LTM period by the base fee run-rate at the beginning of the period. Totals may not add due to rounding. 9% 6% 10% 12% (1)% Profitability ($ in millions, except per share data) Beginning in the third quarter of 2025, net income and EPS, as adjusted, assume all Class B-2 common units ("Subco Units") of BlackRock Saturn Subco, LLC ("Subco"), a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, have been exchanged in accordance with their terms on a one-for-one basis into common stock of BlackRock. Accordingly, the noncontrolling interest related to these Subco Units has been included as part of net income attributable to BlackRock, Inc., as adjusted. For further information and reconciliations to GAAP, see page 13 of this Earnings Release Supplement, notes (1) through (3) to the condensed consolidated statements of income and supplemental information in the current Earnings Release, as well as previously filed Form 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. Operating Income, as adjusted Operating Margin, as adjusted Net Income, as adjusted EPS, as adjusted 3 Operating Income and Margin, as adjusted Net Income and EPS, as adjusted Capital management (amounts in millions, except per share data) (1) Q4 2024 weighted-average diluted shares include the impact of 6.9 million shares issued as part of the consideration for the acquisition of Global Infrastructure Management, LLC (“GIP”) in October 2024 (the “GIP Transaction”). (2) Q3 2025 weighted-average diluted shares include the impact of approximately 8.5 million Subco Units issued as part of the consideration for the acquisition of HPS Investment Partners (“HPS”) in July 2025 (the “HPS Transaction”). (3) Amounts above exclude repurchases of employee tax withholdings related to employee stock transactions. For further information and reconciliations to GAAP, see page 13 of this Earnings Release Supplement, notes (1) through (3) to the condensed consolidated statements of income and supplemental information in the current Earnings Release, as well as previously filed Form 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. Share repurchases and weighted-average diluted shares Share repurchases(3) Weighted-average diluted shares 4 Dividends per share Major market indices and exchange rates Source: Bloomberg (1) Revenue weighted composite index is calculated by BlackRock to approximate the impact of market fluctuations on BlackRock’s equity base fees. The index is derived from publicly available market indices that represent applicable AUM benchmarks for each equity portfolio, as selected by BlackRock. The performance information for each equity portfolio used to calculate the index may be substantially different from that shown. Index does not include portfolios that do not have an applicable market index. Index does not reflect BlackRock’s investment performance, and is not indicative of past or future results. 5 Quarterly revenue($ in millions) $1,331 $499 Q4 2025 compared to Q4 2024 Q4 2025 compared to Q3 2025 6 Percentage Change Year-over-Year Sequential Base fees 20 % 5 % Securities lending revenue 8 % (14) % Performance fees 67 % 46 % Tech services & subscription revenue 24 % 3 % Distribution fees 11 % 1 % Advisory & other revenue 46 % 12 % Total 23 % 8 % $861 $232 Q4 2025 compared to Q4 2024 Q4 2025 compared to Q3 2025 Quarterly investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue($ in millions) 7 (1) Fees primarily related to the impact of the HPS Transaction. Beginning in the first quarter of 2025, BlackRock reclassified the presentation of the Company's investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue line items to align with the updated presentation of the Company's AUM line items. Such line items have been reclassified for 2024 to conform to this new presentation. See page 11 of

Exhibit 99.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K furnished on April 11, 2025 for the reclassified presentation of the 2024 investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue line items. Full year expense, as adjusted($ in millions) $2,319 2025 compared to 2024 11 Percentage Change Year-over-Year Employee comp. & benefits 20 % Sales, asset & account 18 % General & administration 15 % Total 19 % For information and reconciliations of as adjusted items to GAAP, see page 13 of this Earnings Release Supplement, notes (1) through (3) to the condensed consolidated statements of income and supplemental information in the current Earnings Release, as well as previously filed Form 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. Alternatives at BlackRock($ in billions) Q4 2024 Q4 2025 Client Assets Multi-alternatives  Real estate  Private equity  Private credit  Infrastructure Fee-Paying AUM Q4 2024 Q4 2025 Liquid alternatives Liquid credit Definitions: Client Assets: Alternative assets at BlackRock across reported AUM and non-fee-paying committed capital, co-investments and market related gains on invested assets. Fee-Paying AUM: Assets reported in BlackRock’s AUM. Includes both invested capital and committed capital that is fee-paying in its commitment stage. Private Credit: Primarily represents direct lending, opportunistic and venture debt strategies. It does not include private credit assets across infrastructure and real estate debt, as well as assets in private placements and multi-strategy credit funds, which are reported within fixed income and multi-asset AUM. Liquid Alternatives: Includes hedge funds and hedge fund solutions (funds of funds). Liquid Credit: Active liquid credit strategies (such as high yield, bank loans, and collateralized loans) included in fixed income AUM. Totals may not add due to rounding. Reconciliation between GAAP and as adjusted ($ in millions) Non-GAAP adjustments include amounts related to (i) net impact of compensation expense and hedge (gain) loss on deferred cash compensation plans, (ii) amortization and impairment of intangible assets, (iii) acquisition-related compensation costs, (iv) acquisition-related transaction costs, (v) change in fair value of contingent consideration, (vi) net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests - consolidated sponsored investment products, (vii) restructuring charges, (viii) a charitable contribution, (ix) income tax matters, as applicable and (x) noncontrolling interest - Subco. For further information and reconciliation between GAAP and as adjusted items, see notes (1) through (3) to the condensed consolidated statements of income and supplemental information in the current Earnings Release, as well as previously filed Form 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. Important notes This presentation, and other statements that BlackRock may make, may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, with respect to BlackRock’s future financial or business performance, strategies or expectations. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as “trend,” “potential,” “opportunity,” “pipeline,” “believe,” “comfortable,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “current,” “intention,” “estimate,” “position,” “assume,” “outlook,” “continue,” “remain,” “maintain,” “sustain,” “seek,” “achieve,” and similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as “will,” “would,” “should,” “could,” “may” and similar expressions. BlackRock cautions that forward-looking statements are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, which change over time and may contain information that is not purely historical in nature. Such information may include, among other things, projections and forecasts. There is no guarantee that any forecasts made will come to pass. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements and future results could differ materially from historical performance. BlackRock has previously disclosed risk factors in its Securities and Exchange Commission reports. These risk factors and those identified elsewhere in this presentation, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements or historical performance and include: (1) the introduction, withdrawal, success and timing of business initiatives and strategies; (2) changes and volatility in political, economic or industry conditions, the interest rate environment, foreign exchange rates or financial and capital markets, which could result in changes in demand for products or services or in the value of assets under management; (3) the relative and absolute investment performance of BlackRock’s investment products; (4) BlackRock’s ability to develop new products and services that address client preferences; (5) the impact of increased competition; (6) the impact of recent or future acquisitions or divestitures, including the acquisitions of GIP, Preqin Holding Limited and HPS (collectively, the “Transactions”); (7) BlackRock’s ability to integrate acquired businesses successfully, including the Transactions; (8) the unfavorable resolution of legal proceedings; (9) the extent and timing of any share repurchases; (10) the impact, extent and timing of technological changes and the adequacy of intellectual property, data, information and cybersecurity protection; (11) the failure to effectively manage the development and use of artificial intelligence; (12) attempts to circumvent BlackRock’s operational control environment or the potential for human error in connection with BlackRock’s operational systems; (13) the impact of legislative and regulatory actions and reforms, supervisory or enforcement actions of government agencies and governmental scrutiny relating to BlackRock; (14) changes in law and policy and uncertainty pending any such changes; (15) any failure to effectively manage conflicts of interest; (16) damage to BlackRock’s reputation; (17) increasing focus from stakeholders regarding environmental and social-related matters; (18) geopolitical unrest, terrorist activities, civil or international hostilities, and other events outside BlackRock’s control, including wars, global trade tensions, tariffs, natural disasters and health crises, which may adversely affect the general economy, domestic and local financial and capital markets, specific industries or BlackRock; (19) climate-related risks to BlackRock’s business, products, operations and clients; (20) the ability to attract, train and retain highly qualified professionals; (21) fluctuations in the carrying value…