Exhibit 99.1 DocuSign Announces First Quarter Fiscal 2020 Financial Results San Francisco – June 6, 2019 – DocuSign (NASDAQ: DOCU), which offers the world’s #1 eSignature solution as part of the DocuSign Agreement Cloud for digitally transforming how organizations prepare, sign, act on, and manage agreements, today announced results for its fiscal quarter ended April 30, 2019 . “Overall, we posted a solid first quarter for Fiscal 2020—revenues grew 37% year-over-year, we were again profitable on a non-GAAP basis, and we now have over half a million paying customers around the world. What’s more, we are seeing strong results from the work we’ve done to optimize our go-to-market sales motion, bringing in net new customers and expanding use cases within our installed base. And with the announcement of the DocuSign Agreement Cloud this quarter—our suite of products and integrations for automating the entire agreement process—we can now deliver a much broader set of solutions to market, positioning us as the next ‘must-have' cloud.” said Dan Springer, CEO of DocuSign. First Quarter Financial Highlights ▪ Total revenue was $214.0 million , an increase of 37% year-over-year. Subscription revenue was $201.5 million , an increase of 36% year-over-year. Professional services and other revenue was $12.5 million , an increase of 64% year-over-year. ▪ Billings were $215.0 million , an increase of 27% year-over-year. ▪ GAAP gross margin was 76% , compared to 63% in the same period last year. Non-GAAP gross margin was 79% compared to 80% in the same period last year. ▪ GAAP net loss per basic and diluted share was $0.27 on 172 million shares outstanding compared to GAAP net loss per share of $7.46 in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 on 36 million shares outstanding. ▪ Non-GAAP net income per diluted share was $0.07 on 189 million shares outstanding compared to non-GAAP net income per share of $0.01 in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 on 60 million shares outstanding. ▪ Net cash provided by operating activities was $45.7 million , compared to $15.0 million in the same period last year. ▪ Free cash flow was $30.4 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2020 compared to free cash flow of $8.8 million in the same period last year. ▪ Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and investments were $937.0 million at the end of the quarter. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures has been provided in the tables included in this press release. An explanation of these measures is also included below under the heading “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Other Key Metrics.” Operational and Other Financial Highlights • DocuSign Agreement Cloud. In March the company announced the DocuSign Agreement Cloud—a suite of more than a dozen products and 350 integrations for digitally transforming how organizations prepare, sign, act on and manage agreements. By helping to automate and connect the entire agreement process, the DocuSign Agreement Cloud allows organizations to do business faster, with less risk, and lower costs, and in turn deliver better experiences for customers, partners, and employees. This comprehensive suite defines a new category of cloud software that we believe has the potential to significantly expand our total addressable market. • DocuSign Spring 19 Release. The company launched several new products and updates as part of the DocuSign Agreement Cloud: DocuSign Gen for Salesforce, which simplifies and accelerates the generation of signature-ready contracts from within Salesforce; DocuSign Click, which allows organizations of any size to capture consent to standard agreement terms on websites, such as a privacy policy, with a single click; and DocuSign Identify, which enables companies to automate the verification of government-issued IDs and European eIDs, for transactions that require them. • Seal Software Investment. The company announced a $15 million investment in Seal Software, a leader in artificial intelligence. Building on the partnership between DocuSign and Seal Software, this investment in Seal's artificial intelligence-based agreement discovery and analytics solutions builds on DocuSign’s commitment to make the DocuSign Agreement Cloud offering smarter and more impactful for customers. 1 Outlook The company currently expects the following guidance: ▪ Quarter ending July 31, 2019 (in millions, except percentages): Total revenue $218 to $222 Billings $215 to $225 Non-GAAP gross margin 78% to 80% Non-GAAP sales and marketing 48% to 50% Non-GAAP research and development 15% to 17% Non-GAAP general and administrative 10% to 14% Interest and other income (expense) $3 to $4 Provision for income taxes $2 to $2.2 Non-GAAP diluted weighted-average shares outstanding 185 to 190 ▪ Year ending January 31, 2020 (in millions, except percentages): Total revenue $917 to $922 Billings $1,010 to $1,030 Non-GAAP gross margin 78% to 80% Non-GAAP sales and marketing 48% to 50% Non-GAAP research and development 15% to 17% Non-GAAP general and administrative 10% to 13% Interest and other income (expense) $12 to $16 Provision for income taxes $8 to $10 Non-GAAP diluted weighted-average shares outstanding 190 to 195 The company has not reconciled its expectations of non-GAAP financial measures to the corresponding GAAP measures because stock-based compensation expense cannot be reasonably calculated or predicted at this time. Accordingly, a reconciliation is not available without unreasonable effort. 2 Webcast Conference Call Information The company will host a conference call on June 6, 2019 at 1:30 p.m. PT (4:30 p.m. ET) to discuss its financial results. A live webcast of the event will be available on the DocuSign Investor Relations website at docusign.com/investors. A live dial-in will be available domestically at 877-407-0784 or internationally at 201-689-8560. A replay will be available domestically at 844-512-2921 or internationally at 412-317-6671 until midnight (ET) June 20, 2019 using the passcode 13690792. About DocuSign DocuSign helps organizations connect and automate how they prepare, sign, act on, and manage agreements. As part of the DocuSign Agreement Cloud, DocuSign offers eSignature: the world’s #1 way to sign electronically on practically any device, from almost anywhere, at any time. Today, more than 500,000 customers and hundreds of millions of users in over 180 countries use DocuSign to accelerate the process of doing business and to simplify people’s lives. For more information, visit www.docusign.com, call +1-877-720-2040, or follow @DocuSign on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook and Instagram. Copyright 2003-2019. DocuSign, Inc. is the owner of DOCUSIGN® and all its other marks (www.docusign.com/IP). Investor Relations: Annie Leschin VP Investor Relations investors@docusign.com Media Relations: Adrian Wainwright Head of Communications media@docusign.com Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains “forward-looking” statements that are based on our management’s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management. Forward-looking statements include statements about expected financial metrics, such as revenue, billings, non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP diluted weighted-average shares outstanding, and non-financial metrics, such as customer growth, as well as statements related to the benefits of the DocuSign Agreement Cloud, our estimated total addressable market and the impact of DocuSign Agreement Cloud on such market, the potential benefits of our investment in, and partnership with, Seal Software, and our ability to deliver product innovation. They also include statements about our possible or assumed business strategies, potential growth opportunities and potential market opportunities. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts and can be identified by terms such as “believe,” “could,” “potential,” “will,” “would” or similar expressions and the negatives of those terms. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties related to: our ability to estimate the size of our total addressable market; our ability to sustain and manage our growth and future expenses, achieve and maintain future profitability, attract new customers and maintain and expand our existing customer base; our ability to scale and update our platform to respond to customers’ needs, rapid technological change and increased competition in our market; our ability to compete effectively, expand our operations and increase adoption of our platform internationally; our ability to successfully integrate SpringCM's operations; our ability to pay off our convertible senior notes when due; our ability to successfully defend assertions by third parties that we violate their intellectual property rights; and our ability to respond to a network or data security incident that allows unauthorized access to our network or data or our customers’ data. Additional risks and uncertainties that could affect our financial results are included in the section titled “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2019, and other filings that we make from time to time with the SEC. In addition, any forward-looking statements contained in this press release are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons if actual results differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. 3 Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Other Key Metrics To supplement our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP, we use certain non-GAAP financial measures, as described below, to understand and evaluate our core operating performance. These non-GAAP financial measures, which may be different than similarly-titled measures used by other companies, are presented to enhance investors’ overall understanding of our financial performance and should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information about our financial performance, enhance the overall understanding of our past performance and future prospects, and allow for greater transparency with respect to important metrics used by our management for financial and operational decision-making. We are presenting these non-GAAP measures to assist investors in seeing our financial performance using a management view, and because we believe that these measures provide an additional tool for investors to use in comparing our core financial performance over multiple periods with other companies in our industry. Non-GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP operating expenses, non-GAAP income (loss) from operations, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP net income (loss) and non-GAAP net income (loss) per share : We define these non-GAAP financial measures as the respective GAAP measures, excluding expenses related to stock-based compensation, employer payroll tax on employee stock transactions, amortization of acquisition-related intangibles, amortization of debt discount and issuance costs from our convertible senior notes issued in September 2018, and, as applicable, other special items. The amount of employer payroll tax-related items on employee stock transactions is dependent on our stock price and other factors that are beyond our…