Exhibit 99 UNITED TECHNOLOGIES REPORTS FIRST QUARTER 2019 RESULTS; RAISES 2019 ADJUSTED EPS OUTLOOK Continued organic sales growth momentum across all four business units; Performance of recently acquired Rockwell Collins exceeds expectations; Raises adjusted EPS and reaffirms sales and free cash flow outlook for 2019 • Sales of $18.4 billion, up 20 percent versus prior year including 8 percent organic growth • GAAP EPS of $1.56, down 4 percent versus prior year including 10 percentage points of headwind from a Rockwell Collins inventory step-up amortization charge • Adjusted EPS of $1.91, up 8 percent versus prior year FARMINGTON, Conn., April 23, 2019 - United Technologies Corp. (NYSE:UTX) reported first quarter 2019 results and increased its full year adjusted EPS outlook for 2019. “United Technologies is off to a strong start in 2019,” said UTC Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Gregory Hayes. “Sales were up 20 percent with all four businesses contributing to the robust 8 percent organic growth in the quarter. Earnings and cash flow exceeded our expectations for the quarter reinforcing our confidence in the full year financial outlook, including our improved adjusted EPS range of $7.80 to $8.00.” Hayes continued, “We made significant progress this quarter on the integration of Rockwell Collins and saw excellent performance from the combined Collins Aerospace business. Preparations for our portfolio separation are progressing well, and we remain on track to establish Otis and Carrier as independent companies in the first half of 2020.” First quarter sales of $18.4 billion were up 20 percent over the prior year, including 8 points of organic sales growth and 15 points of acquisition benefit offset by 3 points of foreign exchange headwind. GAAP EPS of $1.56 was down 4 percent versus the prior year and included 25 cents of nonrecurring charges and 10 cents of restructuring. Nonrecurring charges included 16 cents of Rockwell Collins inventory step-up amortization, 6 cents of costs related to the UTC portfolio separation activities and 3 cents of other net charges. Adjusted EPS of $1.91 was up 8 percent. First quarter results exceeded expectations primarily due to better than expected Collins Aerospace and Otis results as well as a slightly favorable effective tax rate. Net income in the quarter was $1.3 billion, up 4 percent versus the prior year. Cash flow from operations was $1.5 billion and capital expenditures were $363 million, resulting in free cash flow of $1.1 billion. In the quarter, Collins Aerospace commercial aftermarket sales were up 64 percent and up 9 percent organically. Collins Aerospace commercial aftermarket sales were up 12 percent on a pro forma basis including Rockwell Collins. Pratt & Whitney commercial aftermarket sales were up 1 percent. Pratt & Whitney continues to expect commercial aftermarket sales to be up mid-single digits for the full year. Equipment orders at Carrier were down 2 percent organically in the quarter after being up 10 percent in the first quarter of 2018. Otis new equipment orders were down 1 percent at constant currency in the quarter and up 3 percent on a rolling twelve month basis. UTC updates its 2019 outlook and now anticipates: • Adjusted EPS of $7.80 to $8.00, up from $7.70 to $8.00;* • There is no change in the Company’s previously provided 2019 expectations for sales of $75.5 to $77.0 billion, including organic sales growth of 3 to 5 percent and free cash flow of $4.5 to $5.0 billion, including $1.5 billion of one-time cash payments related to the portfolio separation.* *Note: When we provide expectations for adjusted EPS, the adjusted effective tax rate, organic sales and free cash flow on a forward-looking basis, a reconciliation of the differences between the non-GAAP expectations and the corresponding GAAP measures generally is not available without unreasonable effort. See “Use and Definitions of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” below for additional information. United Technologies Corp., based in Farmington, Connecticut, provides high technology products and services to the building and aerospace industries. By combining a passion for science with precision engineering, the company is creating smart, sustainable solutions the world needs. Additional information, including a webcast, is available at www.utc.com or https://edge.media-server.com/m6/p/je6zhxxa , or to listen to the earnings call by phone, dial (877) 280-7280 between 8:10 a.m. and 8:30 a.m. ET. To learn more about UTC, visit the website or follow the company on Twitter: @UTC Use and Definitions of Non-GAAP Financial Measures United Technologies Corporation reports its financial results in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP"). We supplement the reporting of our financial information determined under GAAP with certain non-GAAP financial information. The non-GAAP information presented provides investors with additional useful information, but should not be considered in isolation or as substitutes for the related GAAP measures. Moreover, other companies may define non-GAAP measures differently, which limits the usefulness of these measures for comparisons with such other companies. We encourage investors to review our financial statements and publicly-filed reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure. Adjusted net sales, organic sales, adjusted operating profit, adjusted net income , adjusted earnings per share (“EPS”), and the adjusted effective tax rate are non-GAAP financial measures. Adjusted net sales represents consolidated net sales from continuing operations (a GAAP measure), excluding significant items of a non-recurring and/or nonoperational nature (hereinafter referred to as “other significant items”). Organic sales represents consolidated net sales (a GAAP measure), excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, acquisitions and divestitures completed in the preceding twelve months and other significant items. Adjusted operating profit represents income from continuing operations (a GAAP measure), excluding restructuring costs and other significant items. Adjusted net income represents net income from continuing operations (a GAAP measure), excluding restructuring costs and other significant items. Adjusted EPS represents diluted earnings per share from continuing operations (a GAAP measure), excluding restructuring costs and other significant items. The adjusted effective tax rate represents the effective tax rate (a GAAP measure), excluding restructuring costs and other significant items. For the business segments, when applicable, adjustments of net sales, operating profit and margins similarly reflect continuing operations, excluding restructuring and other significant items. Management believes that the non-GAAP measures just mentioned are useful in providing period-to-period comparisons of the results of the Company’s ongoing operational performance. Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure that represents cash flow from operations (a GAAP measure) less capital expenditures. Management believes free cash flow is a useful measure of liquidity and an additional basis for assessing UTC's ability to fund its activities, including the financing of acquisitions, debt service, repurchases of UTC's common stock and distribution of earnings to shareholders. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to the corresponding amounts prepared in accordance with GAAP appears in the tables in this Appendix. The tables provide additional information as to the items and amounts that have been excluded from the adjusted measures. When we provide our expectation for adjusted EPS, adjusted operating profit, adjusted effective tax rate, organic sales and free cash flow on a forward-looking basis, a reconciliation of the differences between the non-GAAP expectations and the corresponding GAAP measures (expected diluted EPS from continuing operations, operating profit, the effective tax rate, sales and expected cash flow from operations) generally is not available without unreasonable effort due to potentially high variability, complexity and low visibility as to the items that would be excluded from the GAAP measure in the relevant future period, such as unusual gains and losses, the ultimate outcome of pending litigation, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, the impact and timing of potential acquisitions and divestitures, and other structural changes or their probable significance. The variability of the excluded items may have a significant, and potentially unpredictable, impact on our future GAAP results. Cautionary Statement This communication contains statements which, to the extent they are not statements of historical or present fact, constitute “forward-looking statements” under the securities laws. From time to time, oral or written forward-looking statements may also be included in other information released to the public. These forward-looking statements are intended to provide management’s current expectations or plans for our future operating and financial performance, based on assumptions currently believed to be valid. These forward-looking statements are intended to provide management’s current expectations or plans for our future operating and financial performance, based on assumptions currently believed to be valid. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as "believe," "expect," "expectations," "plans," "strategy," "prospects," "estimate," "project," "target," "anticipate," "will," "should," "see," "guidance," "outlook , " "confident , " “on track” and other words of similar meaning in connection with a discussion of future operating or financial performance or of the separation transactions. Forward-looking statements may include, among other things, statements relating to future sales, earnings, cash flow, results of operations, uses of cash, share repurchases, tax rates and other measures of financial performance or potential future plans, strategies or transactions of United Technologies or the independent companies following United Technologies’ expected separation into three independent companies, the anticipated benefits of the acquisition of Rockwell Collins or the separation transactions, including estimated synergies resulting from the Rockwell Collins transaction, the expected timing of completion of the separation transactions, estimated costs associated with such transactions and other statements that are not historical facts. All forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. For those statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such risks, uncertainties and other factors include, without limitation: (1) the effect of economic conditions in the industries and markets in which we operate in the U.S. and globally and any changes therein, including financial market conditions, fluctuations in commodity prices, interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates, levels of end market demand in construction and in both the commercial and defense segments of the aerospace industry, levels of air travel, financial condition of commercial airlines, the impact of weather conditions and natural disasters and the financial condition of our customers and suppliers; (2) challenges in the development, production, delivery, support, performance and realization of the anticipated benefits (including our expected returns under customer contracts) of advanced technologies and new products and services; (3) the scope, nature, impact or timing of the expected separation transactions and other acquisition and divestiture activity, including among other things…