Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On October 17, 2016 Netflix, Inc. (the “Company”) announced its financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2016. The Letter to Shareholders, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference, includes reference to the non-GAAP financial measures of net income on a pro forma basis excluding the release of tax reserves, revenue and ASP growth on a constant currency basis, free cash flow and EBITDA. Generally, a non-GAAP financial measure is a numerical measure of a company’s performance, financial position, or cash flows that either excludes or includes amounts that are not normally excluded or included in the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. Management believes that the non-GAAP measure of net income on a pro forma basis excluding the release of tax reserves provides useful information as this measure excludes effects that are not indicative of our core operating results. Management believes that the non-GAAP financial measures of revenue and ASP growth on a constant currency basis are useful in assessing the underlying business performance excluding the effect of foreign currency rate fluctuations. Management believes that free cash flow and EBITDA are important liquidity metrics because they measure, during a given period, the amount of cash generated that is available to repay debt obligations, make investments and for certain other activities or the amount of cash used in operations, including investments in global streaming content. However, these non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or superior to, net income, revenue, operating income, diluted earnings per share and net cash provided by operating activities, or other financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliation to the GAAP equivalent of these non-GAAP measures are contained in tabular form in Exhibit 99.1. The information in this report shall not be treated as “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except as expressly stated by specific reference in such filing.

Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference, includes reference to the non-GAAP financial measures of net income on a pro forma basis excluding the release of tax reserves, revenue and ASP growth on a constant currency basis, free cash flow and EBITDA. Generally, a non-GAAP financial measure is a numerical measure of a company’s performance, financial position, or cash flows that either excludes or includes amounts that are not normally excluded or included in the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. Management believes that the non-GAAP measure of net income on a pro forma basis excluding the release of tax reserves provides useful information as this measure excludes effects that are not indicative of our core operating results. Management believes that the non-GAAP financial measures of revenue and ASP growth on a constant currency basis are useful in assessing the underlying business performance excluding the effect of foreign currency rate fluctuations. Management believes that free cash flow and EBITDA are important liquidity metrics because they measure, during a given period, the amount of cash generated that is available to repay debt obligations, make investments and for certain other activities or the amount of cash used in operations, including investments in global streaming content. However, these non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or superior to, net income, revenue, operating income, diluted earnings per share and net cash provided by operating activities, or other financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliation to the GAAP equivalent of these non-GAAP measures are contained in tabular form in

Exhibit 99.1. The information in this report shall not be treated as “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except as expressly stated by specific reference in such filing.

Exhibit 99.1 Letter to Shareholders dated: October 17, 2016 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. NETFLIX, INC. Date: October 17, 2016 /s/ David Wells David Wells Chief Financial Officer EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Description of

Exhibit 99.1* Letter to Shareholders dated: October 17, 2016 * This exhibit is intended to be furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Letter to Shareholders will be attached as