EXHIBIT 99.1 Exhibit News Release The Procter & Gamble Company One P&G Plaza Cincinnati, OH 45202 P&G ANNOUNCES FIRST QUARTER EARNINGS Net Sales +1%; Organic Sales +1%; Diluted Net EPS $1.06, +10%; Core EPS $1.09, +6% CINCINNATI, October 20, 2017 - The Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) reported first quarter fiscal year 2018 net sales of $16.7 billion, an increase of one percent versus the prior year. Organic sales also increased one percent. Diluted net earnings per share were $1.06, an increase of 10% versus the prior year while core earnings per share increased six percent to $1.09. Currency-neutral core EPS also increased six percent versus the prior year. Operating cash flow was $3.6 billion for the quarter. Free cash flow productivity was 87%. The Company returned $4.3 billion of cash to shareholders via $1.8 billion of dividend payments and $2.5 billion of common stock repurchase. “First quarter sales and earnings results were in line with our going-in expectations and keep us on track to deliver our targets for the fiscal year,” said David Taylor, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. “We delivered organic sales growth in a decelerating global market and against a relatively strong base period. Market share trends continue to improve, with more of our top brands and countries holding or growing share. Looking forward, we will drive innovation, productivity and organization transformation to accelerate top-line growth while further expanding our industry-leading profit margins.” July - September Quarter Discussion Net sales in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018 were $16.7 billion, an increase of one percent versus the prior year. Organic sales also increased one percent driven by a one percent increase in shipment volume. Pricing, mix and foreign exchange had no net impact on sales for the quarter. July - September 2017 Net Sales Drivers* Volume Foreign Exchange Price Mix Other** Net Sales Organic Volume Organic Sales Beauty —% —% 1% 4% —% 5% —% 5% Grooming (1)% 1% (3)% (2)% —% (5)% (1)% (6)% Health Care —% 1% 1% —% —% 2% 1% 1% Fabric & Home Care 2% —% —% —% —% 2% 2% 2% Baby, Feminine & Family Care (1)% —% (1)% —% 1% (1)% —% (1)% Total P&G 1% —% —% —% —% 1% 1% 1% * Net sales percentage changes are approximations based on quantitative formulas that are consistently appl ied. ** Other includes the sales mix impact from acquisitions/divestitures, impact from India Goods and Sales Tax implementation and rounding impacts necessary to reconcile volume to net sales. • Beauty segment organic sales increased five percent versus year ago. Organic sales were up double digits in Skin & Personal Care driven by growth in China, including the continued acceleration of the super-premium SK-II brand due to the ongoing strength of the brand campaign. Organic sales increased low single digits in Hair Care primarily due to increased pricing across regions behind product innovation. • Grooming segment organic sales decreased six percent due to lower sales in Shave Care, partially offset by growth in Appliances. Organic sales decreased high single digits in Shave Care due to price reductions in the U.S. and negative product mix. Organic sales increased double digits in Appliances driven by increased volume from the continued success of innovation on Braun male styling and mid-tier shavers. • Health Care segment organic sales increased one percent for the quarter. Oral Care organic sales increased low single digits behind product innovation on power toothbrushes and toothpaste and increased marketing support. Personal Health Care organic sales decreased low single digits due to decreased volume primarily caused by relatively lower levels of product innovation versus year ago. • Fabric and Home Care segment organic sales increased two percent versus year ago driven by gains in Fabric Care. Fabric Care organic sales increased low single digits behind volume growth from product innovation and increased marketing support. Home Care organic sales were unchanged. • Baby, Feminine and Family Care segment organic sales decreased one percent versus the prior year. Baby Care organic sales decreased mid-single digits due in part to competitive activity in Europe and a decline in China Baby Care shipments due primarily to wholesaler inventory run-down ahead of new innovation shipments. Feminine Care organic sales increased low single digits driven by favorable product mix due to premium innovation. Family Care organic sales increased mid-single digits driven by higher volume from increased distribution and marketing activities. Diluted net earnings per share were $1.06, an increase of 10% versus the prior year. Diluted net earnings per share from continuing operations were also $1.06, an increase of six percent versus the base period, primarily due to a reduction in outstanding shares. Core earnings per share, which exclude non-core restructuring charges, were $1.09, an increase of six percent versus the prior year. Currency-neutral core earnings per share also increased six percent for the quarter. Reported gross margin decreased 40 basis points, including a nominal impact from non-core restructuring charges versus the prior year. Core gross margin also decreased 40 basis points, including 30 basis points of negative foreign exchange impacts. On a currency-neutral basis, core gross margin decreased 10 basis points as 150 basis points of productivity savings were more than offset by 70 basis points of commodity cost increases, 50 basis points of unfavorable geographic and product mix and 40 basis points of product reinvestments and other impacts. Selling, general and administrative expense (SG&A) as a percent of sales increased 10 basis points on a reported basis versus the prior year, including an approximately 20 basis point impact from a year-on-year increase in non-core charges. Core SG&A as a percentage of sales decreased 10 basis points versus the prior year, including an approximately 30 basis point benefit from foreign exchange. On a currency-neutral basis, core SG&A as a percentage of sales increased 20 basis points as 40 basis points of savings from overhead, agency fee and advertising production cost productivity were more than offset by increases in marketing investments and overhead expenses. Operating profit margin decreased 40 basis points versus the base period on a reported, core and currency-neutral basis, including total productivity cost savings of 190 basis points for the quarter. Fiscal Year 2018 Guidance P&G said it is maintaining its guidance for organic sales growth in the range of two to three percent for fiscal 2018. The Company estimates all-in sales growth of about three percent for fiscal 2018, which includes a neutral to half-a-percentage-point benefit to sales growth from the combined impacts of foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures. The Company also maintains its expectation for core earnings per share growth of five to seven percent versus fiscal 2017 Core EPS of $3.92. P&G noted that it is maintaining estimates despite over $100 million of incremental commodity cost headwinds resulting from the hurricanes that impacted the Gulf Coast in September. All-in GAAP earnings per share are expected to decrease 26% to 28% versus fiscal year 2017 GAAP EPS of $5.59, which included a significant benefit from the Beauty Brands transaction that was completed in October 2016. The fiscal 2018 GAAP EPS estimate includes approximately $0.10 per share of non-core restructuring costs. Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this release or presentation, other than purely historical information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives, and expected operating results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words “believe,” “project,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “intend,” “strategy,” “future,” “opportunity,” “plan,” “may,” “should,” “will,” “would,” “will be,” “will continue,” “will likely result,” and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events or otherwise. Risks and uncertainties to which our forward-looking statements are subject include, without limitation: (1) the ability to successfully manage global financial risks, including foreign currency fluctuations, currency exchange or pricing controls and localized volatility; (2) the ability to successfully manage local, regional or global economic volatility, including reduced market growth rates, and to generate sufficient income and cash flow to allow the Company to affect the expected share repurchases and dividend payments; (3) the ability to manage disruptions in credit markets or changes to our credit rating; (4) the ability to maintain key manufacturing and supply arrangements (including execution of supply chain optimizations and sole supplier and sole manufacturing plant arrangements) and to manage disruption of business due to factors outside of our control, such as natural disasters and acts of war or terrorism; (5) the ability to successfully manage cost fluctuations and pressures, including prices of commodities and raw materials, and costs of labor, transportation, energy, pension and health care; (6) the ability to stay on the leading edge of innovation, obtain necessary intellectual property protections and successfully respond to changing consumer habits and technological advances attained by, and patents granted to, competitors; (7) the ability to compete with our local and global competitors in new and existing sales channels, including by successfully responding to competitive factors such as prices, promotional incentives and trade terms for products; (8) the ability to manage and maintain key customer relationships; (9) the ability to protect our reputation and brand equity by successfully managing real or perceived issues, including concerns about safety, quality, ingredients, efficacy or similar matters that may arise; (10) the ability to successfully manage the financial, legal, reputational and operational risk associated with third party relationships, such as our suppliers, distributors, contractors and external business partners; (11) the ability to rely on and maintain key company and third party information technology systems, networks and services, and maintain the security and functionality of such systems, networks and services and the data contained therein; (12) the ability to successfully manage uncertainties related to changing political conditions (including the United Kingdom’s decision to leave the European Union) and potential implications such as exchange rate fluctuations and market contraction; (13) the ability to successfully manage regulatory and legal requirements and matters (including, without limitation, those laws and regulations involving product liability, intellectual property, antitrust, privacy, tax, environmental and accounting and financial reporting) and to resolve pending matters within current estimates; (14) the ability to manage changes in applicable tax laws and regulations, including maintaining our intended tax treatment of divestiture transactions; (15) the ability to successfully manage our ongoing acquisition, divestiture and joint venture activities, in each case to achieve the Company’s overall business strategy and financial objectives, without…