Exhibit 99.1 The Home Depot Announces Third Quarter Fiscal 2025 Results; Updates Fiscal 2025 Guidance ATLANTA, November 18, 2025 -- The Home Depot ® , the world's largest home improvement retailer, today reported sales of $41.4 billion for the third quarter of fiscal 2025, an increase of $1.1 billion, or 2.8% from the third quarter of fiscal 2024. Total sales include approximately $900 million from the recent acquisition of GMS Inc. (GMS), which represents approximately eight weeks of sales in the quarter. Comparable sales for the third quarter of fiscal 2025 increased 0.2%, and comparable sales in the U.S. increased 0.1%. Net earnings for the third quarter of fiscal 2025 were $3.6 billion, or $3.62 per diluted share, compared with net earnings of $3.6 billion, or $3.67 per diluted share, in the same period of fiscal 2024. Adjusted (1) diluted earnings per share for the third quarter of fiscal 2025 were $3.74, compared with adjusted diluted earnings per share of $3.78 in the same period of fiscal 2024. “Our results missed our expectations primarily due to the lack of storms in the third quarter, which resulted in greater than expected pressure in certain categories. Additionally, while underlying demand in the business remained relatively stable sequentially, an expected increase in demand in the third quarter did not materialize. We believe that consumer uncertainty and continued pressure in housing are disproportionately impacting home improvement demand,” said Ted Decker, chair, president and CEO. “Our teams are continuing to execute at a high level and we believe we are growing our market share. I would like to thank our associates for their continued hard work and dedication.” Fiscal 2025 Guidance The company updated its fiscal 2025 guidance, a 52-week year compared to fiscal 2024, a 53-week year, to reflect its third quarter performance, continued pressure in the fourth quarter from the lack of storm activity, ongoing consumer uncertainty and housing pressure, and the inclusion of GMS. • Total sales growth of approximately 3.0% ◦ GMS expected to contribute approximately $2.0 billion in incremental sales • Comparable sales growth to be slightly positive for the comparable 52-week period • Approximately 12 new stores • Gross margin of approximately 33.2% (1) The Company reports its financial results in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). As used in this earnings release, adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, and adjusted diluted earnings per share are non-GAAP financial measures. Refer to the end of this release for an explanation of these non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. • Operating margin of approximately 12.6% • Adjusted (1) operating margin of approximately 13.0% • Tax rate of approximately 24.5% • Net interest expense of approximately $2.3 billion • Diluted earnings-per-share to decline approximately 6.0% from $14.91 in fiscal 2024 • Adjusted (1) diluted earnings-per-share to decline approximately 5.0% from $15.24 in fiscal 2024 • Capital expenditures of approximately 2.5% of total sales The Home Depot will conduct a conference call today at 9 a.m. ET to discuss information included in this news release and related matters. The conference call will be available in its entirety through a webcast and replay at ir.homedepot.com/events-and-presentations. At the end of the third quarter, the company operated a total of 2,356 retail stores and over 1,200 SRS locations across all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 10 Canadian provinces and Mexico. The Company employs over 470,000 associates. The Home Depot's stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: HD) and is included in the Dow Jones industrial average and Standard & Poor's 500 index. ### Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements contained herein constitute "forward-looking statements" under the federal securities laws, including as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are based on currently available information and our current assumptions, expectations and projections about future events, and use words such as “may,” “will,” “could,” “should,” “would,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “estimate,” “project,” “plan,” “believe,” “expect,” “target,” "prospects,” “potential,” "commit” and "forecast,” or words of similar import or meaning or refer to future time periods. Forward-looking statements may relate to, among other things, the demand for our products and services, including as a result of macroeconomic conditions and changing customer preferences and expectations; net sales growth; comparable sales; the effects of competition; our brand and reputation; implementation of interconnected retail, store, supply chain, technology, innovation and other strategic initiatives, including with respect to real estate; inventory and in-stock positions; the state of the economy; the state of the housing and home improvement markets; the state of the credit markets, including mortgages, home equity loans, and consumer and trade credit; the impact of tariffs, trade policy changes or restrictions, or international trade disputes and efforts and ability to continue to diversify our supply chain; issues related to the payment methods we accept; demand for credit offerings including trade credit; management of relationships with our associates, jobseekers, suppliers and service providers; cost and availability of labor; costs of fuel and other energy sources; events that could disrupt our business, supply chain, technology infrastructure, or demand for our products and services, such as tariffs, trade policy changes or restrictions or international trade disputes, natural disasters, climate change, public health issues, cybersecurity events, labor disputes, geopolitical conflicts, military conflicts, or acts of war; our ability to maintain a safe and secure store environment; our ability to address expectations regarding sustainability and human capital management matters and meet related goals; continuation or suspension of share repurchases; net earnings performance; earnings per share; future dividends; capital allocation and expenditures; liquidity; return on invested capital; expense leverage; changes in interest rates; changes in foreign currency exchange rates; commodity or other price inflation and deflation; our ability to issue debt on terms and at rates acceptable to us; the impact and expected outcome of investigations, inquiries, claims, and litigation, including compliance with related settlements; the challenges of operating in international markets; the adequacy of insurance coverage; the effect of accounting charges; the effect of adopting certain accounting standards; the impact of legal and regulatory changes, including executive orders and other administrative or legislative actions, such as changes to tax laws and regulations; store openings and closures; guidance for fiscal 2025 and beyond; financial outlook; and the impact of acquired companies, including SRS and GMS, on our organization and the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of completed or pending acquisitions. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to future events, risks and uncertainties – many of which are beyond our control, dependent on the actions of third parties, or currently unknown to us – as well as potentially inaccurate assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from our historical experience and our expectations and projections. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described in Part I,