EXHIBIT 99 Exhibit S&P GLOBAL REPORTS FIRST QUARTER RESULTS Revenue Increased 8% led by a 25% Increase at S&P Dow Jones Indices Diluted EPS Increased 26% to $1.93 Adjusted Diluted EPS Increased 24% to $2.00 Operating Profit Margin Improved 130 Basis Points to 45% Adjusted Operating Profit Margin Increased 10 Basis Points to 47% Added Leading-Edge Technology and Unique Data Sets with Acquisitions of Kensho and Panjiva New York, NY, April 26, 2018 – S&P Global (NYSE: SPGI) today reported first quarter 2018 results with revenue of $1,567 million , an increase of 8% compared to the same period last year with growth in every business segment. Excluding the favorable impact from foreign exchange, revenue increased 6%. Net income increased 23% to $491 million and diluted earnings per share increased 26% to $1.93 as a result of revenue growth, operating leverage and U.S. tax reform. Adjusted net income increased 21% to $509 million and adjusted diluted earnings per share increased 24% to $2.00 . The adjustments in the first quarter of 2018 were for deal-related amortization. “We are off to a solid start to 2018 despite weak bond issuance and the return to volatility. In fact, the volatility led to record exchange-traded derivatives revenue in our Index business. And our Ratings business was able to navigate the weak bond issuance and deliver top-line growth,” said Douglas L. Peterson, President and Chief Executive Officer of S&P Global. “During the quarter, we added to our capabilities for success in the future through the acquisitions of Panjiva and Kensho. These are examples of unique companies that enhance our strong analytical foundation with world-class talent and cutting-edge artificial intelligence technologies.” Margin: The Company’s operating profit margin improved by 130 basis points to 45% due to revenue growth and operating leverage. The adjusted operating profit margin increased 10 basis points to 47% . Return of Capital: During the first quarter, the Company returned $1.227 billion to shareholders through a combination of $127 million in dividends, $100 million in open market share purchases, and $1 billion Page 1 in the form of an accelerated share repurchase (ASR) agreement. During the quarter, we received 0.6 million shares from the open market purchases and the initial shares under the ASR of 4.5 million shares. We expect to complete the ASR during the third quarter and receive additional shares at that time. Ratings: Revenue increased 5% to $748 million in the first quarter. Non-transaction revenue increased 11% to $380 million due to growth in fees associated with surveillance as well as large increases in new entity ratings and Rating Evaluation Service fees. Transaction revenue declined 1% to $368 million as declines in corporate bonds and public finance were slightly larger than gains in structured products. U.S. revenue increased 1% and international revenue, led by gains in EMEA and Asia-Pacific, increased 10% . International represented 44% of first quarter revenue. With the exception of U.S. public finance, every major ratings sector delivered revenue growth with the largest gain in structured products. Operating profit increased by 9% to $408 million . The operating profit margin improved 220 basis points to 55% compared to the first quarter of 2017. Adjusted operating profit increased 8% to $408 million . The adjusted operating profit margin improved 190 basis points to 55% . Market Intelligence: Revenue increased 9% to $437 million in the first quarter of 2018 with solid gains across Desktop, Data Management Solutions, and Risk Services. Quarterly operating profit increased 8% to $112 million . The operating profit margin declined 20 basis points to 26% as increased investments in commercial and technology and increased data costs partially offset revenue gains and a divestiture-related expense in the prior period. Adjusted operating profit increased 4% to $129 million . Adjusted operating profit margin decreased 150 basis points to 30% as increased investments in commercial and technology and increased data costs more than offset revenue gains. Platts: Revenue increased 3% to $196 million with growth in the core subscription business partially offset by a meaningful decline in Global Trading Services as reduced volatility in key commodity products resulted in lower trading volumes. Quarterly operating profit increased 9% to $90 million . The operating profit margin increased 270 basis points to 46% due to an acquisition-related adjustment in the prior period that was larger than the reduction in Global Trading Services' revenue and the unfavorable impact from foreign exchange rates. Adjusted operating profit declined 4% to $95 million . Adjusted operating profit margin decreased 310 basis points to 48% primarily due to a reduction in Global Trading Services' revenue and the unfavorable impact from foreign exchange rates. S&P Dow Jones Indices: S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC is a majority-owned subsidiary. The consolidated results are included in S&P Global's income statement and the portion related to the 27% noncontrolling interest is removed in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests. Revenue increased 25% to $214 million in the first quarter of 2018 due to a 59% increase in revenue associated with exchange-traded derivatives activity as market volatility led to a surge in ETD activity. In addition, revenue from asset-linked fees increased 21%. Revenue from ETFs is the largest component of asset-linked fees, and average ETF AUM associated with the Company’s indices increased 28%. Page 2 Operating profit increased 28% to $147 million and the operating profit margin improved 160 basis points to 69% . Adjusted operating profit increased 28% to $149 million and the adjusted operating profit margin improved 160 basis points to 69% . Operating profit attributable to the Company increased 27% to $107 million . Adjusted operating profit attributable to the Company increased 27% to $109 million . Unallocated Expense: Unallocated expense includes corporate center functions and certain non-allocated items such as excess real estate. Unallocated expense increased 28% to $46 million due to a $20 million contribution to the S&P Global Foundation that was previously disclosed. This expense was partially offset by lower executive department expenses and reduced professional fees. Provision for Income Taxes: U.S. tax reform has had an immediate and meaningful impact on the Company's effective tax rate. The Company’s effective tax rates in the first quarter of 2018 and 2017 were 21.6% and 29.5% , respectively. The Company’s adjusted effective tax rate decreased to 21.7% in the first quarter of 2018 compared to 30.3% in the prior period. Balance Sheet and Cash Flow: Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the first quarter were $1.8 billion . In the first three months of 2018 , cash provided by operating activities was $360 million , cash used for investing activities was $87 million , and cash used for financing activities was $1,316 million . Free cash flow was $277 million , a decrease of $29 million from the same period in 2017 primarily due to legal settlement payments and the $20 million contribution to the S&P Global Foundation. Free cash flow, excluding the after tax payment of legal settlements, was $299 million . Outlook: As part of the Kensho acquisition announcement on March 6, 2018, the Company reduced its GAAP diluted EPS guidance by approximately twenty cents to a range of $7.95 to $8.10 and left its adjusted diluted EPS unchanged with a range of $8.45 to $8.60. Today, the Company reaffirms this guidance. Comparison of Adjusted Information to U.S. GAAP Information: The Company reports its financial results in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“GAAP”). The Company also refers to and presents certain additional non-GAAP financial measures, within the meaning of Regulation G under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These measures are: adjusted diluted earnings per share, adjusted net income, adjusted operating profit and margin, organic revenue, adjusted unallocated expense, adjusted effective tax rates, adjusted diluted EPS guidance, free cash flow and free cash flow excluding certain items. The Company has included reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP on Exhibits 5, 7, 8 and 9. The Company’s non-GAAP measures include adjustments that reflect how management views our businesses. The Company believes these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful supplemental information that, in the case of non-GAAP financial measures other than free cash flow and free cash flow excluding certain items, enables investors to better compare the Company’s performance across periods, and management also uses these measures internally to assess the operating performance of its business, to assess performance for employee compensation purposes and to decide how to allocate resources. The Company believes that the presentation of free cash flow and free cash flow excluding certain items allows investors to evaluate the cash generated from our underlying operations in a manner similar to the method used by management and that such measures are useful in evaluating the cash available to us to prepay debt, make strategic acquisitions and investments, and repurchase stock. However, investors should not consider any of these non-GAAP measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, the financial information that the Company reports. Page 3 Conference Call/Webcast Details: The Company’s senior management will review the first quarter 2018 earnings results on a conference call scheduled for today, April 26, at 8:30 a.m. ET. Additional information presented on the conference call may be made available on the Company’s Investor Relations Website at http://investor.spglobal.com. The Webcast will be available live and in replay at http://investor.spglobal.com/CustomPage/Index?KeyGenPage=1073751596&event=20195. (Please copy and paste URL into Web browser.) Telephone access is available. U.S. participants may call (888) 391-6568; international participants may call +1 (415) 228-4733 (long distance charges will apply). The passcode is “S&P Global” and the conference leader is Douglas Peterson. A recorded telephone replay will be available approximately two hours after the meeting concludes and will remain available until May 26, 2018. U.S. participants may call (866) 481-6886; international participants may call +1 (203) 369-1567 (long distance charges will apply). No passcode is required. Forward-Looking Statements: This press release contains “forward-looking statements,” as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements, which express management’s current views concerning future events, trends, contingencies or results, appear at various places in this report and use words like “anticipate,” “assume,” “believe,” “continue,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “future,” “intend,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “strategy,” “target” and similar terms, and future or conditional tense verbs like “could,” “may,” “might,” “should,” “will” and “would.” For example, management may use forward-looking statements when addressing topics such as: the outcome of contingencies; future actions by regulators; changes in the Company’s business strategies and methods of generating revenue; the development and performance of the Company’s services and products; the expected impact of acquisitions and dispositions; the Company’s effective tax rates; and the Company’s cost structure, dividend policy, cash flows or liquidity. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in…