EXHIBIT 99.1 NEWS RELEASE NEWS RELEASE NEWS RELEASE NEWS RELEASE FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Media Contacts: Andrew R. Johnson, Andrew.R.Johnson@aexp.com, +1.212.640.8610 Jocelyn F. Seidenfeld, Jocelyn.F.Seidenfeld@aexp.com, +1.212.640.0555 Investors/Analysts Contacts: Vivian Y. Zhou, Vivian.Y.Zhou@aexp.com, +1.212.640.5574 Melanie L. Michel, Melanie.L.Michel@aexp.com, +1.212.640.5574 AMERICAN EXPRESS REPORTS THIRD-QUARTER REVENUE OF $8.8 BILLION AND EARNINGS PER SHARE OF $1.30 (Millions, except percentages and per share amounts) Quarters Ended September 30, Percentage Inc/(Dec) Quarters Ended June 30, Percentage Inc/(Dec) 2020 2019 2020 2019 Total Revenues Net of Interest Expense $ 8,751 $ 10,989 (20) $ 7,675 $ 10,838 (29) Total Provisions for Credit Losses $ 665 $ 879 (24) $ 1,555 $ 861 81 Net Income $ 1,073 $ 1,755 (39) $ 257 $ 1,761 (85) Diluted Earnings Per Common Share 1 $ 1.30 $ 2.08 (38) $ 0.29 $ 2.07 (86) Average Diluted Common Shares Outstanding 805 827 (3) 805 836 (4) New York – October 23, 2020 – American Express Company (NYSE: AXP) today reported third-quarter net income of $1.1 billion, or $1.30 per share, compared with net income of $1.8 billion, or $2.08 per share, a year ago. “While our business continues to be significantly affected by the impacts of the pandemic, our third quarter results have increased our confidence that our strategy for managing through the current environment is the right one,” said Stephen J. Squeri, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 1 “Since the lows of mid-April, we have seen a steady recovery in our overall spending volumes. In fact, we had positive year-over-year growth in non-T&E spending, which has long accounted for the large majority of our overall volumes. While credit remains strong, with delinquencies and net write-offs at the lowest levels we have seen in a few years, we remain cautious about the direction of the pandemic and its impacts on the economy, which is reflected in our reserve levels. “The investments we have made to enhance our value propositions have yielded strong results, driving spending and loyalty, and our voluntary attrition rates on our proprietary products remain lower than last year. We're also expanding our largest ever Shop Small campaign to support small merchants in 18 countries and territories. In addition, we have begun to selectively increase our customer acquisition activities while continuing to invest for the long term, such as expanding our commercial offerings through our recent acquisition of financial technology company Kabbage, as well as officially launching our network in mainland China. Additionally, we have maintained a robust liquidity position and capital ratios well above targets. “We recognize that the road ahead continues to be uncertain, but we are confident that the steps we are taking will enable us to exit this crisis in a strong position and maximize value for our stakeholders over the long term.” Third-quarter consolidated total revenues net of interest expense were $8.8 billion, down 20 percent from $11.0 billion a year ago. The quarter primarily reflected declines in Card Member spending and the average discount rate compared to the prior year. Consolidated provisions for credit losses were $665 million, down 24 percent from $879 million a year ago. The decrease primarily reflected a modest reserve release and lower net write-offs. 2 Total credit reserve levels at the end of the third quarter were generally consistent with second-quarter levels. Consolidated expenses were $6.7 billion, down 14 percent from $7.8 billion a year ago. The decrease primarily reflected significantly lower customer engagement costs due to the decline in Card Member spending and lower usage of travel-related Card Member benefits, partially offset by investments in value proposition enhancements for many of the company’s card products, as well as expenses related to the largest ever Shop Small campaign. The consolidated effective tax rate was 21.3 percent, down from 22.6 percent a year ago. Global Consumer Services Group reported third-quarter net income of $855 million, compared with $991 million a year ago. Total revenues net of interest expense were $5.2 billion, down 16 percent from $6.2 billion a year ago. The decrease primarily reflected declines in Card Member spending and loan volumes compared to the prior year. Provisions for credit losses totaled $412 million, down 37 percent from $653 million a year ago. The decrease primarily reflected a modest reserve release and lower net write-offs. Total expenses were $3.7 billion, down 14 percent from $4.3 billion a year ago. The decrease primarily reflected significantly lower customer engagement costs due to a decline in Card Member spending and lower usage of travel-related Card Member benefits, partially offset by investments in the previously mentioned value proposition enhancements and expenses related to the Shop Small campaign. Global Commercial Services reported third-quarter net income of $220 million, compared with net income of $568 million a year ago. Total revenues net of interest expense were $2.5 billion, down 23 percent from $3.3 billion a year ago, primarily reflecting a decline in Card Member spending. Provisions for credit losses totaled $250 million, up 13 percent from $222 million a year ago, driven by a slight reserve build. Total expenses were $2.0 billion, down 14 percent from $2.4 billion a year ago. The decrease primarily reflected lower client incentives and other customer engagement costs due to a decline in Card Member spending. Global Merchant and Network Services reported third-quarter net income of $263 million, compared with $523 million a year ago. 2 Total revenues net of interest expense were $1.1 billion, down 27 percent from $1.6 billion a year ago. The decrease primarily reflected declines in Card Member spending and the average discount rate compared to the prior year. Total expenses were $780 million, down 8 percent from $845 million a year ago, driven by lower network partner payments due to a decline in Card Member spending. Corporate and Other reported a third-quarter net loss of ($265) million, compared with a net loss of ($327) million a year ago. ________________________________ 1 Diluted earnings per common share (EPS) was reduced by the impact of (i) earnings allocated to participating share awards and other items of $7 million and $11 million for the three months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and $2 million and $13 million for the three months ended June 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and (ii) dividends on preferred shares of $16 million and $21 million for the three months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and $17 million and $19 million for the three months ended June 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 2 Reserve build (release) represents the portion of the provisions for credit losses for the period related to increasing or decreasing reserves for credit losses as a result of, among other things, changes in volumes, macroeconomic outlook, portfolio composition and credit quality of portfolios. Reserve build represents the amount by which the provisions for credit losses exceeds net write-offs, while reserve release represents the amount by which net write-offs exceed the provisions for credit losses. ### About American Express American Express is a globally integrated payments company, providing customers with access to products, insights and experiences that enrich lives and build business success. Learn more at americanexpress.com and connect with us on facebook.com/americanexpress, instagram.com/americanexpress, linkedin.com/company/american-express, twitter.com/americanexpress, and youtube.com/americanexpress. Key links to products, services and corporate responsibility information: charge and credit cards, business credit cards, travel services, gift cards, prepaid cards, merchant services, Accertify, InAuth, corporate card, business travel, and corporate responsibility. Source: American Express Company Location: Global This earnings release should be read in conjunction with the company’s statistical tables for the third quarter 2020, available on the American Express Investor Relations website at http://ir.americanexpress.com and in a Form 8-K furnished today with the Securities and Exchange Commission. An investor conference call will be held at 8:30 a.m. (ET) today to discuss third-quarter results. Live audio and presentation slides for the investor conference call will be available to the general public on the above-mentioned American Express Investor Relations website. A replay of the conference call will be available later today at the same website address. CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements, which address American Express Company’s current expectations regarding business and financial performance, among other matters, contain words 3 such as “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “plan,” “aim,” “will,” “may,” “should,” “could,” “would,” “likely” and similar expressions. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, include, but are not limited to, the following: • uncertainty regarding the duration, extent and severity of the pandemic; a further deterioration in global economic and business conditions and consumer and business spending generally; an inability or unwillingness of Card Members to pay amounts owed to the company; insufficient governmental stimulus and relief programs to address the impact of the pandemic; prolonged measures to contain the spread of COVID-19 or premature easing of such containment measures, both of which could further exacerbate the effects on business activity and the company’s Card Members, partners and merchants; health concerns associated with the pandemic continuing to affect consumer behavior, spending levels and preferences, and travel patterns and demand even after government restrictions are lifted and economies reopen; an inability of the company to manage risk in an uncertain environment; market volatility, changes in capital and credit market conditions and the availability and cost of capital; issues impacting brand perceptions and the company’s reputation; and an inability of business partners to meet their obligations to the company and the company’s customers due to slowdowns or disruptions in their businesses, bankruptcy or liquidation, or otherwise; • future credit performance, which will depend in part on macroeconomic factors such as unemployment rates, GDP and the volume of bankruptcies; collections capabilities; the enrollment in, and effectiveness of, hardship programs and troubled debt restructurings; the availability of government stimulus programs for borrowers; and governmental actions that provide forms of relief with respect to certain loans and fees, such as limiting debt collections efforts and encouraging or requiring extensions, modifications or forbearance; • net interest income and the amount of loans outstanding being higher or lower than current expectations, which will depend on the behavior of Card Members and their actual spending and borrowing patterns, the company’s ability to manage risk and enhance the Card Member value propositions, and changes in interest rates and the company’s cost of funds; • the actual amount to be spent on marketing, which will be based in part on continued changes in macroeconomic conditions and business performance; management’s assessment of…