Exhibit 99.01 Cadence Reports Third Quarter 2019 Financial Results SAN JOSE, Calif. — October 21, 2019 — Cadence Design Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ: CDNS) today announced results for the third quarter of 2019. Cadence reported third quarter 2019 revenue of $580 million, compared to revenue of $532 million reported for the same period in 2018. On a GAAP basis, Cadence achieved operating margin of 21 percent and recognized net income of $102 million, or $0.36 per share on a diluted basis, in the third quarter of 2019, compared to operating margin of 19 percent and net income of $99 million, or $0.35 per share on a diluted basis, for the same period in 2018. Using the non-GAAP measure defined below, operating margin for the third quarter of 2019 was 32 percent and net income was $153 million, or $0.54 per share on a diluted basis, compared to operating margin of 32 percent and net income of $139 million, or $0.49 per share on a diluted basis, for the same period in 2018. “Major industry trends led by AI and data analytics are driving strong design activity, which coupled with innovation and outstanding execution by Cadence, again led to strong operating results, as Cadence delivered 9 percent year-over-year revenue growth,” said Lip-Bu Tan, chief executive officer. “Our Intelligent System Design strategy enables us to provide more capabilities and value to our customers, while also expanding our total addressable market.” “I am pleased with our third quarter results and outlook,” said John Wall, senior vice president and chief financial officer. “We are raising our outlook for revenue, operating margin, earnings and cash from operations for the year while we continue to invest in proliferation opportunities with market-shaping customers.” CFO Commentary Commentary on the third quarter 2019 financial results by John Wall, senior vice president and chief financial officer, is available at www.cadence.com/cadence/investor_relations. Business Outlook For the fourth quarter of 2019, the company expects total revenue in the range of $590 million to $600 million. Fourth quarter GAAP operating margin is expected to be approximately 20 percent and GAAP net income per diluted share is expected to be in the range of $0.33 to $0.35. Using the non-GAAP measure defined below, operating margin is expected to be approximately 30 percent and net income per diluted share is expected to be in the range of $0.52 to $0.54. For 2019, the company expects total revenue in the range of $2.327 billion to $2.337 billion. On a GAAP basis, operating margin is expected to be in the range of 21.3 percent to 21.8 percent and net income per diluted share for 2019 is expected to be in the range of $1.50 to $1.52. Using the non-GAAP measure defined below, operating margin for 2019 is expected to be in the range of 31.5 percent to 32.0 percent and net income per diluted share for 2019 is expected to be in the range of $2.18 to $2.20. In October 2019, Cadence initiated a series of transactions involving a realignment of its international operating structure. Cadence expects that this realignment may significantly increase its foreign deferred tax assets. This outlook does not include the income tax impact to GAAP net income related to these transactions. Cadence expects to complete its analysis and record the income tax impact in the fourth quarter of 2019. A schedule showing a reconciliation of the business outlook from GAAP operating margin, GAAP net income and diluted net income per share to non-GAAP operating margin and non-GAAP net income and diluted net income per share is included in this release. Audio Webcast Scheduled Lip-Bu Tan, chief executive officer, and John Wall, senior vice president and chief financial officer, will host the third quarter 2019 financial results audio webcast today, October 21, 2019, at 2 p.m. (Pacific) / 5 p.m. (Eastern). Attendees are asked to register at the website at least 10 minutes prior to the scheduled webcast. An archive of the webcast will be available starting October 21, 2019 at 5 p.m. (Pacific) and ending December 13, 2019 at 5 p.m. (Pacific). Webcast access is available at www.cadence.com/cadence/investor_relations. About Cadence Cadence enables electronic systems and semiconductor companies to create the innovative end products that are transforming the way people live, work and play. Cadence's software, hardware and semiconductor IP are used by customers to deliver products to market faster. The company’s Intelligent System Design™ strategy helps customers develop differentiated products—from chips to boards to intelligent systems—in mobile, consumer, cloud, data center, automotive, aerospace, IoT, industrial and other market segments. Cadence is listed as one of Fortune Magazine's 100 Best Companies to Work For. Learn more at www.cadence.com . Cadence, the Cadence logo and the other Cadence marks found at www.cadence.com/go/trademarks are trademarks or registered trademarks of Cadence Design Systems, Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. The statements contained above, as well as the information in the Business Outlook section, are or include forward-looking statements based on current expectations and preliminary assumptions that are subject to factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are outside Cadence’s control, including, among others: (i) Cadence’s ability to compete successfully in the electronic design automation product and the commercial electronic design and methodology services industries; (ii) the success of Cadence’s efforts to improve operational efficiency and growth; (iii) the mix of products and services sold and the timing of significant orders for and delivery of Cadence’s products and services; (iv) change in customer demands that could result in delays in purchases or deliveries of Cadence's products and services, including those resulting from consolidation among Cadence’s customers, restructurings and other efforts to improve operational efficiency of Cadence’s customers, economic conditions, government regulations or trade restrictions; (v) economic and industry conditions and trade restrictions in regions in which Cadence does business; (vi) fluctuations in rates of exchange between the U.S. dollar and the currencies of other countries in which Cadence does business; (vii) capital expenditure requirements, legislative or regulatory requirements, changes in tax laws, interest rates and Cadence’s ability to access capital and debt markets; (viii) the acquisition of other companies or technologies or the failure to successfully integrate and operate these companies or technologies Cadence acquires, including the potential inability to retain customers, key employees or vendors; (ix) the effects of Cadence’s efforts to improve operational efficiency in its business, including strategic, customer and supplier relationships, and its ability to retain key employees; (x) events that affect cash flow, liquidity, reserves or settlement assumptions Cadence may take from time to time with respect to accounts receivable, taxes and tax examinations, litigation or other matters; and (xi) the effects of any litigation or other proceedings to which Cadence is or may become a party. In addition, the timing and amount of Cadence's repurchase of its common stock under the authorizations will be subject to business and market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, stock price, acquisition opportunities and other factors. For a detailed discussion of these and other cautionary statements related to Cadence’s business, please refer to Cadence’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, which include Cadence’s most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including Cadence’s future filings. GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation Non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered as a substitute for or superior to measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. Investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures contained within this press release with their most directly comparable GAAP financial results. Investors are also encouraged to look at the GAAP results as the best measure of financial performance. To supplement Cadence’s financial results presented on a GAAP basis, Cadence management uses non-GAAP measures that it believes are helpful in understanding Cadence’s performance. One such measure is non-GAAP net income, which is a financial measure not calculated under GAAP. Non-GAAP net income is calculated by Cadence management by taking GAAP net income and excluding, as applicable, amortization of intangible assets, stock-based compensation expense, acquisition and integration-related costs including retention expenses, investment gains or losses, income or expenses related to Cadence’s non-qualified deferred compensation plan, restructuring and other significant items not directly related to Cadence’s core business operations, and the income tax effect of non-GAAP pre-tax adjustments. Cadence management uses non-GAAP net income because it excludes items that are generally not directly related to the performance of Cadence’s core business operations and therefore provides supplemental information to Cadence management and investors regarding the performance of the business operations, facilitates comparisons to the historical operating results and allows the review of Cadence's business from the same perspective as Cadence management, including forecasting and budgeting. The following tables reconcile the specific items excluded from GAAP operating margin, GAAP net income and GAAP net income per diluted share in the calculation of non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP net income per diluted share for the periods shown below: Operating Margin Reconciliation Three Months Ended September 28, 2019 September 29, 2018 (unaudited) GAAP operating margin as a percent of total revenue 21% 19% Reconciling items to non-GAAP operating margin as a percent of total revenue: Amortization of acquired intangibles 2% 3% Stock-based compensation expense 9% 9% Non-qualified deferred compensation expenses 0% 0% Restructuring and other credits 0% 0% Acquisition and integration-related costs 0% 1% Non-GAAP operating margin as a percent of total revenue 32% 32% Net Income Reconciliation Three Months Ended September 28, 2019 September 29, 2018 (unaudited) (in thousands) Net income on a GAAP basis $ 101,514 $ 99,318 Amortization of acquired intangibles 12,799 12,975 Stock-based compensation expense 48,279 46,264 Non-qualified deferred compensation expenses 52 1,120 Restructuring and other credits (186 ) (172 ) Acquisition and integration-related costs 1,838 6,670 Other income or expense related to investments and non-qualified deferred compensation plan assets* 2,344 (498 ) Income tax effect of non-GAAP adjustments (13,899 ) (26,306 ) Net income on a non-GAAP basis $ 152,741 $ 139,371 * Includes, as applicable, equity in losses or income from investments, write-down of investments, gains or losses on investments and gains or losses on non-qualified deferred compensation plan assets recorded in other income or expense. Diluted Net Income Per Share Reconciliation Three Months Ended September 28, 2019 September 29, 2018 (unaudited) (in thousands, except per share data) Diluted net income per share on a GAAP basis $ 0.36 $ 0.35 Amortization of acquired intangibles 0.04 0.05 Stock-based compensation expense 0.17 0.16 Non-qualified deferred compensation expenses — — Restructuring and other credits — — Acquisition and integration-related costs 0.01 0.02 Other income or expense related to investments and…