Exhibit 99.1 Intel Corporation 2200 Mission College Blvd. Santa Clara, CA 95054-1549 News Release Intel Reports First -Quarter 2019 Financial Results News Summary: • First-quarter revenue was $16.1 billion , flat year-over-year (YoY); data-centric revenue declined 5 percent and PC-centric revenue grew 4 percent . • First-quarter GAAP earnings-per-share (EPS) of $0.87 declined 6 percent YoY; non-GAAP EPS of $0.89 was up 2 percent . • Expecting second-quarter revenue of $15.6 billion ; second-quarter GAAP EPS of $0.83 and non-GAAP EPS of $0.89 . • Expecting full-year revenue of $69.0 billion , full-year GAAP EPS of $4.14 and non-GAAP EPS of $4.35 ; down from January guidance. SANTA CLARA, Calif., April 25, 2019 -- Intel Corporation today reported first -quarter 2019 financial results. "Results for the first quarter were slightly higher than our January expectations. We shipped a strong mix of high-performance products and continued spending discipline while ramping 10nm and managing a challenging NAND pricing environment. Looking ahead, we're taking a more cautious view of the year, although we expect market conditions to improve in the second half," said Bob Swan, Intel CEO. "Our team is focused on expanding our market opportunity, accelerating our innovation and improving execution while evolving our culture. We aim to capitalize on key technology inflections that set us up to play a larger role in our customers’ success, while improving returns for our owners." Q1 2019 Financial Highlights GAAP Non-GAAP Q1 2019 Q1 2018 vs. Q1 2018 Q1 2019 Q1 2018 vs. Q1 2018 Revenue ($B) $16.1 $16.1 flat $16.1^ $16.1^ flat Gross Margin 56.6% 60.6% down 4 pts 58.3% 62.3% down 4 pts R&D and MG&A ($B) $4.9 $5.2 down 7% $4.9^ $5.2^ down 7% Operating Income ($B) $4.2 $4.5 down 7% $4.5 $4.8 down 6% Tax Rate 12.6% 11.1% up 1.5 pts 12.5% 11.7% up 0.7 pt Net Income ($B) $4.0 $4.5 down 11% $4.0 $4.2 down 3% Earnings Per Share $0.87 $0.93 down 6% $0.89 $0.87 up 2% In the first quarter, the company generated approximately $5.0 billion in cash from operations, paid dividends of $1.4 billion and used $2.5 billion to repurchase 49 million shares of stock. * Data-centric businesses include DCG, IOTG, Mobileye, NSG, PSG and All Other ^ No adjustment on a non-GAAP basis Intel/Page 2 Business Unit Summary Key Business Unit Revenue and Trends Q1 2019 vs. Q1 2018 PC-centric CCG $8.6 billion up 4% Data-centric DCG $4.9 billion down 6% IOTG $910 million up 8% Mobileye $209 million up 38% NSG $915 million down 12% PSG $486 million down 2% down 5%* In the first quarter, Intel achieved 4 percent growth in the PC-centric business while data-centric revenue declined 5 percent . The PC-centric business (CCG) was up 4 percent in the first quarter due to a strong mix of Intel's higher performance products and strength in gaming, large commercial and modem. Intel's first high-volume 10nm processor, code-named Ice Lake, remains on track to be in volume systems on retail shelves for the 2019 holiday selling season. Collectively, Intel's data-centric businesses declined 5 percent YoY in the first quarter. In the Data Center Group (DCG), the cloud segment grew 5 percent while the communications service provider segment declined 4 percent and enterprise and government revenue declined 21 percent. First-quarter Internet of Things Group (IOTG) revenue grew 8 percent YoY ( 19 percent excluding Wind River 1 ), and Mobileye achieved record first-quarter revenue of $209 million , up 38 percent YoY as customer momentum continued. Intel's memory business (NSG) was down 12 percent YoY in a challenging pricing environment. Intel's Programmable Solutions Group (PSG) revenue was down 2 percent YoY in the first quarter. The first quarter marked the introduction of a broad, new portfolio of data-centric products from Intel featuring the 2nd-Generation Intel ® Xeon ® Scalable ® processor family with integrated Intel ® Deep Learning Boost (Intel ® DL Boost) for AI deep learning inferencing acceleration and support for Intel ® Optane™ DC persistent memory, the revolutionary technology that brings affordable, high-capacity persistent memory to Intel’s data-centric computing portfolio. Intel also introduced more than 50 workload-optimized Intel ® Xeon ® processors, a 56-core, 12 memory channel Intel ® Xeon ® Platinum 9200 processor, and the new Intel ® Agilex™ line of 10nm-based FPGAs. A dditional information regarding Intel’s results can be found in the Q1'19 Earnings Presentation available at: www.intc.com/results.cfm . ^ No adjustment on a non-GAAP basis * Data-centric businesses include DCG, IOTG, Mobileye, NSG, PSG and All Other 1 IOTG growth rate excludes Q1'18 $74M for Wind River revenue Intel/Page 3 Business Outlook Intel's guidance for the second -quarter and full-year 2019 includes both GAAP and non-GAAP estimates. Reconciliations between these GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures are included below. Q2 2019 GAAP Non-GAAP Approximately Approximately Revenue $15.6 billion $15.6 billion^ Operating margin 27% 29% Tax rate 11.5% 11.5%^ Earnings per share $0.83 $0.89 Full-Year 2019 GAAP Non-GAAP Approximately Approximately Revenue $69.0 billion $69.0 billion^ Operating margin 30% 32% Tax rate 12.0% 12.0%^ Earnings per share $4.14 $4.35 Full-year capital spending $15.5 billion $15.5 billion^ Free cash flow N/A $15.0 billion Intel’s Business Outlook does not include the potential impact of any business combinations, asset acquisitions, divestitures, strategic investments and other significant transactions that may be completed after April 25, 2019 . Actual results may differ materially from Intel’s Business Outlook as a result of, among other things, the factors described under “Forward-Looking Statements” below. Earnings Webcast Intel will hold a public webcast at 2:00 p.m. PDT today to discuss the results for its first quarter of 2019 . The live public webcast can be accessed on Intel's Investor Relations website at www.intc.com/results.cfm. The Q1'19 Earnings Presentation, webcast replay, and audio download will also be available on the site. Intel plans to report its earnings for the second quarter of 2019 on July 25, 2019 promptly after close of market, and related materials will be available at www.intc.com/results.cfm . A public webcast of Intel’s earnings conference call will follow at 2:00 p.m. PDT at www.intc.com . ^ No adjustment on a non-GAAP basis Intel/Page 4 Forward-Looking Statements Intel’s Business Outlook and other statements in this release that refer to future plans and expectations are forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Words such as "anticipates," "expects," "intends," "goals," "plans," "believes," "seeks," "estimates," "continues," "may," "will," "would," "should," "could," and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Statements that refer to or are based on estimates, forecasts, projections, uncertain events or assumptions, including statements relating to total addressable market (TAM) or market opportunity, future products and the expected availability and benefits of such products, and anticipated trends in our businesses or the markets relevant to them, also identify forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements included in this release are based on management's expectations as of the date of this release and, except as required by law, Intel disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances. Forward-looking statements involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Intel presently considers the following to be among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the company's expectations. • Demand for Intel's products is highly variable and could differ from expectations due to factors including changes in business and economic conditions; customer confidence or income levels, and the levels of customer capital spending; the introduction, availability and market acceptance of Intel's products, products used together with Intel products, and competitors' products; competitive and pricing pressures, including actions taken by competitors; supply constraints and other disruptions affecting customers; changes in customer order patterns including order cancellations; changes in customer needs and emerging technology trends; and changes in the level of inventory at customers. • Intel's results could vary significantly from expectations based on capacity utilization; variations in inventory valuation, including variations related to the timing of qualifying products for sale; changes in revenue levels; segment product mix; the timing and execution of the manufacturing ramp and associated costs; excess or obsolete inventory; changes in unit costs; defects or disruptions in the supply of materials or resources; and product manufacturing quality/yields. Variations in results may also be caused by the timing of Intel product introductions and related expenses, including marketing programs, and Intel's ability to respond quickly to technological developments and to introduce new products or incorporate new features into existing products, as well as decisions to exit product lines or businesses, which may result in restructuring and asset impairment charges. • Intel's results could be affected by adverse economic, social, political and physical/infrastructure conditions in countries where Intel, its customers or its suppliers operate, including recession or slowing growth, military conflict and other security risks, natural disasters, infrastructure disruptions, health concerns, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, sanctions and tariffs, and continuing uncertainty regarding social, political, immigration, and tax and trade policies in the U.S. and abroad, including the United Kingdom's vote to withdraw from the European Union. Results may also be affected by the formal or informal imposition by countries of new or revised export and/or import and doing-business regulations, which could be changed without prior notice. • Intel operates in highly competitive industries and its operations have high costs that are either fixed or difficult to reduce in the short term. In addition, in connection with our strategic transformation to a data-centric company, we have entered new areas and introduced adjacent products, where we face new sources of competition and uncertain market demand or acceptance of our products, and these new areas and products may not grow as projected. • The amount, timing and execution of Intel's stock repurchase program may fluctuate based on Intel's priorities for the use of cash for other purposes — such as investing in our business, including operational and capital spending, acquisitions, and returning cash to our stockholders as dividend payments — and because of changes in cash flows, tax laws, or the market price of our common stock. • Intel's expected tax rate is based on current tax law , including current interpretations of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (”TCJA”), and current expected income and may be affected by evolving interpretations of TCJA; changes in the volume and mix of profits earned across jurisdictions with varying tax rates; changes in the estimates of credits, benefits and deductions; the resolution of issues arising from tax audits with various tax authorities, including payment of interest and penalties; and the ability to realize deferred tax assets. Intel/Page 5 • Intel's results could be affected by gains or losses from equity securities and interest and other, which could vary depending on gains or losses on the change in fair value, sale, exchange, or impairments of equity and debt investments, interest rates, cash balances, and changes in fair value of…