Exhibit 99 UTC REPORTS SECOND QUARTER 2016 RESULTS • GAAP EPS of $1.71, up 4 percent versus the prior year • Adjusted EPS of $1.82, up 9 percent versus the prior year • Sales of $14.9 billion were up 1 percent versus the prior year including 1 percent organic sales growth • Increases 2016 full year sales and adjusted EPS outlook* FARMINGTON, Conn., July 26, 2016 - United Technologies Corp. (NYSE:UTX) today reported second quarter 2016 results. All results in this release reflect continuing operations unless otherwise noted. Second quarter GAAP EPS of $1.71 was up 4 percent versus the prior year and included 11 cents of net restructuring and other significant non-operational items. Adjusted EPS of $1.82 was up 9 percent versus the prior year. Net income in the quarter was $1.4 billion, down 3 percent versus the prior year. Sales of $14.9 billion were up 1 percent, with 1 point of organic and 1 point of net acquisition growth offset by 1 point of unfavorable foreign exchange. “United Technologies had a solid first half of the year with 2 percent organic sales growth, and we remain on track to meet our growth targets for 2020,” UTC President and Chief Executive Officer Gregory Hayes said. “We delivered strong cash flow, led by exceptional cash generation in the commercial businesses, even while we continued to invest in the aerospace ramp. As a result of our solid financial performance through the second quarter, we are raising the low end of our 2016 adjusted EPS outlook by 15 cents to $6.45 to $6.60 per share*, on increased sales of $57 to $58 billion.” *Note: Expectations for EPS and organic sales are provided on an adjusted basis as the corresponding GAAP measures are not reasonably available due to uncertainty as to potentially significant items of a non-recurring and/or non-operational nature. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” below for additional information. Cash flow from operations for the quarter was $1.8 billion (125 percent of net income attributable to common shareowners) and capital expenditures were $363 million. Free cash flow of $1.4 billion in the quarter was 100 percent of net income attributable to common shareowners. Otis new equipment orders in the quarter decreased 4 percent over the prior year at constant currency, and grew 3 percent excluding China. Equipment orders at UTC Climate, Controls & Security decreased by 4 percent, primarily driven by a difficult compare in the transport refrigeration business. Commercial aftermarket sales were up 20 percent at Pratt & Whitney, and up 5 percent at UTC Aerospace Systems. “We continue to focus on our key priorities. This includes achieving critical aerospace program milestones and successfully meeting the production ramp to support our large and growing order book. We now have orders for 8,200 Geared Turbofan engines, including announced and unannounced firm and option engines,” Hayes added. “In our commercial businesses, we continue to invest in innovation and position ourselves to benefit from growing urbanization trends. With our focused portfolio of industry leading franchises, we are confident in our ability to create significant long-term value for our shareholders.” UTC updates its 2016 outlook and now anticipates: • Adjusted EPS of $6.45 to $6.60 up from $6.30 to $6.60**; • Sales of $57 billion to $58 billion, up from $56 billion to $58 billion (year over year growth of 2% to 3%, including organic sales growth of 1% to 3%**); • There is no change in the Company’s previously provided 2016 expectations for free cash flow, share repurchases, and the placeholder for acquisitions. **Note: Expectations for EPS and organic sales are provided on an adjusted basis as the corresponding GAAP measures are not reasonably available due to uncertainty as to potentially significant items of a non-recurring and/or non-operational nature. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” below for additional information. United Technologies Corp., based in Farmington, Connecticut, provides high technology products and services to the building and aerospace industries. Additional information, including a webcast, is available on the Internet at http://www.utc.com . To learn more about UTC, visit the website or follow the company on Twitter: @UTC Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures We report financial results in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“GAAP”). These non-GAAP measures - namely, adjusted EPS, organic sales and free cash flow - should not be considered in isolation or as substitutes for the related GAAP measures. Moreover, other companies may define these non-GAAP measures differently, which limits the usefulness of these measures for comparisons with such other companies. Adjusted EPS represents diluted earnings per share from continuing operations (a GAAP measure), excluding restructuring costs and other significant items of a non-recurring and/or non-operational nature (hereinafter referred to as “other significant items”). Organic sales represent consolidated net sales (a GAAP measure) excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, acquisitions and divestitures completed in the preceding twelve months and other significant items. Management believes that these non-GAAP measures are useful in providing period to period comparisons of the results of the Company’s ongoing operational performance. Free cash flow represents cash flow from operations (a GAAP measure) less capital expenditures. Management believes free cash flow is a useful measure of liquidity and an additional basis for assessing UTC’s ability to fund its activities, including the financing of acquisitions, debt service, repurchases of the Company’s Common Stock and distribution of earnings to shareowners. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the corresponding amounts prepared in accordance with GAAP is included in the tables accompanying this press release. The tables provide additional information as to the items and amounts that have been excluded from these adjusted measures. When we provide our expectations for adjusted EPS, free cash flow, and/or organic sales on a forward-looking basis, a reconciliation of differences between these non-GAAP expectations and the corresponding GAAP measures (expected diluted EPS from continuing operations, expected cash flow from operations and sales) generally is not available without unreasonable effort due to potentially high variability, complexity and low visibility as to the items that would be excluded from the GAAP measure in the relevant future period, such as the impact of other significant items on EPS, cash flow from operations and sales. The variability of the excluded items may have a significant, and potentially unpredictable, impact on our future GAAP results . Cautionary Statement This press release contains statements which, to the extent they are not statements of historical or present fact, constitute "forward-looking statements" under the securities laws. From time to time, oral or written forward-looking statements may also be included in other information released to the public. These forward-looking statements are intended to provide management’s current expectations or plans for our future operating and financial performance, based on assumptions currently believed to be valid. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as "believe," "expect," "expectations," "plans," "strategy," "prospects," "estimate," "project," "target," "anticipate," "will," "should," "see," "guidance," "confident" and other words of similar meaning in connection with a discussion of future operating or financial performance. Forward-looking statements may include, among other things, statements relating to future sales, earnings, cash flow, results of operations, uses of cash, share repurchases and other measures of financial performance or potential future plans, strategies or transactions. All forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. For those statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such risks, uncertainties and other factors include, without limitation: (1) the effect of economic conditions in the industries and markets in which we operate in the U.S. and globally and any changes therein, including financial market conditions, fluctuations in commodity prices, interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates, levels of end market demand in construction and in both the commercial and defense segments of the aerospace industry, levels of air travel, financial condition of commercial airlines, the impact of weather conditions and natural disasters and the financial condition of our customers and suppliers; (2) challenges in the development, production, delivery, support, performance and realization of the anticipated benefits of advanced technologies and new products and services; (3) future levels of indebtedness and capital spending and research and development spending; (4) future availability of credit and factors that may affect such availability, including credit market conditions and our capital structure; (5) delays and disruption in delivery of materials and services from suppliers; (6) customer- and Company- directed cost reduction efforts and restructuring costs and savings and other consequences thereof; (7) the scope, nature, impact or timing of acquisition and divestiture activity, including among other things integration of acquired businesses into our existing businesses and realization of synergies and opportunities for growth and innovation; (8) new business opportunities; (9) our ability to realize the intended benefits of organizational changes; (10) the anticipated benefits of diversification and balance of operations across product lines, regions and industries; (11) the timing and scope of future repurchases of our common stock, which may be suspended at any time due to market conditions and the level of other investing activities and uses of cash; (12) the outcome of legal proceedings, investigations and other contingencies; (13) pension plan assumptions and future contributions; (14) the impact of the negotiation of collective bargaining agreements and labor disputes; (15) the effect of changes in political conditions in the U.S. and other countries in which we operate, including, but not limited to the effect of the U.K’s pending withdrawal from the EU, on general market conditions and currency exchange rates in the near term and beyond; (16) and the effect of changes in tax, environmental, regulatory (including among other things import/export) and other laws and regulations in the U.S. and other countries in which we operate. For additional information identifying factors that may cause actual results to vary materially from those stated in forward-looking statements, see our reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filed with or furnished to the SEC from time to time. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and we assume no obligation to update or revise such statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. UTC-IR # # # United Technologies Corporation Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations Quarter Ended June 30, Six Months Ended June 30, (Unaudited) (Unaudited) (Millions, except per share amounts) 2016 2015 2016 2015 Net Sales $ 14,874 $ 14,690 $ 28,231 $ 28,010 Costs and Expenses: Cost of products and services sold 10,741 10,472 20,395 19,978 Research and development 588 558 1,129 1,122 Selling, general and administrative 1,451 1,426 2,814 2,902 Total Costs and Expenses 12,780 12,456 24,338 24,002 Other income, net 243…