Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On May 3, 2022, the Company announced its financial position and results of operations as of and for its first quarter ended March 26, 2022 in a press release that is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1. Attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 is a presentation regarding the Company's first quarter 2022. The Company will hold a conference call on May 3, 2022 at 2:00 p.m. PT (5:00 p.m. ET) to discuss its first quarter 2022 financial results and forward-looking financial guidance. To supplement the Company’s financial results presented on a U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“GAAP”) basis, the Company’s earnings press release and presentation contains non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP operating expenses, non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP earnings per share, Adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow. The Company uses a normalized tax rate in its computation of the non-GAAP income tax provision to provide better consistency across the reporting periods. For fiscal 2022, AMD uses a projected non-GAAP tax rate of 13%, which excludes the tax impact of pre-tax non-GAAP adjustments, reflecting currently available information and a projected non-GAAP cash tax rate of approximately 10% that includes the projected current income tax liability plus known foreign withholding tax obligations paid expressed as a percentage of non-GAAP profit before tax. In addition, AMD provided non-GAAP financial measures excluding Xilinx, including revenue, gross profit and operating income, and Xilinx pro forma revenue for the three months ended March 26, 2022 as supplemental information. The Company believes this non-GAAP presentation makes it easier for investors to compare its operating results for current and historical periods and also because the Company believes it assists investors in comparing the Company's performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis by excluding items that it does not believe are indicative of its core operating performance. The Company’s non-GAAP financial measures should be viewed in addition to and not as a substitute for or superior to the Company's reported results prepared in accordance with GAAP. These non-GAAP financial measures referenced are reconciled to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures in the data tables at the end of the earnings press release and presentation. The information in this report furnished pursuant to Items 2.02 and 7.01, including Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 attached hereto, shall not be deemed “filed” for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. It may only be incorporated by reference in another filing under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, if such subsequent filing specifically references the information furnished pursuant to Items 2.02 and 7.01 of this report.

Exhibit 99.2 is a presentation regarding the Company's first quarter 2022. The Company will hold a conference call on May 3, 2022 at 2:00 p.m. PT (5:00 p.m. ET) to discuss its first quarter 2022 financial results and forward-looking financial guidance. To supplement the Company’s financial results presented on a U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“GAAP”) basis, the Company’s earnings press release and presentation contains non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP operating expenses, non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP earnings per share, Adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow. The Company uses a normalized tax rate in its computation of the non-GAAP income tax provision to provide better consistency across the reporting periods. For fiscal 2022, AMD uses a projected non-GAAP tax rate of 13%, which excludes the tax impact of pre-tax non-GAAP adjustments, reflecting currently available information and a projected non-GAAP cash tax rate of approximately 10% that includes the projected current income tax liability plus known foreign withholding tax obligations paid expressed as a percentage of non-GAAP profit before tax. In addition, AMD provided non-GAAP financial measures excluding Xilinx, including revenue, gross profit and operating income, and Xilinx pro forma revenue for the three months ended March 26, 2022 as supplemental information. The Company believes this non-GAAP presentation makes it easier for investors to compare its operating results for current and historical periods and also because the Company believes it assists investors in comparing the Company's performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis by excluding items that it does not believe are indicative of its core operating performance. The Company’s non-GAAP financial measures should be viewed in addition to and not as a substitute for or superior to the Company's reported results prepared in accordance with GAAP. These non-GAAP financial measures referenced are reconciled to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures in the data tables at the end of the earnings press release and presentation. The information in this report furnished pursuant to Items 2.02 and 7.01, including Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 attached hereto, shall not be deemed “filed” for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. It may only be incorporated by reference in another filing under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, if such subsequent filing specifically references the information furnished pursuant to Items 2.02 and 7.01 of this report.