Exhibit 99.1 Broadcom Inc. Announces Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2025 Financial Results and Quarterly Dividend • Revenue of $15,952 million for the third quarter, up 22 percent from the prior year period • GAAP net income of $4,140 million for the third quarter; Non-GAAP net income of $8,404 million for the third quarter • Adjusted EBITDA of $10,702 million for the third quarter, or 67 percent of revenue • GAAP diluted EPS of $0.85 for the third quarter; Non-GAAP diluted EPS of $1.69 for the third quarter • Cash from operations of $7,166 million for the third quarter, less capital expenditures of $142 million, resulted in $7,024 million of free cash flow, or 44 percent of revenue • Quarterly common stock dividend of $0.59 per share • Fourth quarter fiscal year 2025 revenue guidance of approximately $17.4 billion, an increase of 24 percent from the prior year period • Fourth quarter fiscal year 2025 Adjusted EBITDA guidance of 67 percent of projected revenue (1) PALO ALTO, Calif. – September 4, 2025 – Broadcom Inc. (Nasdaq: AVGO), a global technology leader that designs, develops and supplies semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions, today reported financial results for its third quarter of fiscal year 2025, ended August 3, 2025, provided guidance for its fourth quarter of fiscal year 2025 and announced its quarterly dividend. “Broadcom achieved record third quarter revenue on continued strength in custom AI accelerators, networking and VMware. Q3 AI revenue growth accelerated to 63% year-over-year to $5.2 billion,” said Hock Tan, President and CEO of Broadcom Inc. “We expect growth in AI semiconductor revenue to accelerate to $6.2 billion in Q4, delivering eleven consecutive quarters of growth, as our customers continue to strongly invest.” “Consolidated revenue grew 22% year-over-year to a record $16.0 billion. Adjusted EBITDA increased 30% year-over-year to $10.7 billion reflecting strong operating leverage,” said Kirsten Spears, CFO of Broadcom Inc. “Free cash flow was a record $7.0 billion, up 47% year-over-year. Consistent with our commitment to return excess cash to shareholders, we returned $2.8 billion to shareholders in the third quarter through cash dividends.” ________________________________ (1) The Company is not readily able to provide a reconciliation of the projected non-GAAP financial information presented to the relevant projected GAAP measure without unreasonable effort. 1 Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2025 Financial Highlights GAAP Non-GAAP (Dollars in millions, except per share data) Q3 25 Q3 24 Change Q3 25 Q3 24 Change Net revenue $ 15,952 $ 13,072 +22 % $ 15,952 $ 13,072 +22 % Net income (loss) $ 4,140 $ (1,875) +$6,015 $ 8,404 $ 6,120 +$2,284 Earnings (loss) per common share - diluted $ 0.85 $ (0.40) +$1.25 $ 1.69 $ 1.24 +$0.45 (Dollars in millions) Q3 25 Q3 24 Change Cash flow from operations $ 7,166 $ 4,963 +$2,203 Adjusted EBITDA $ 10,702 $ 8,223 +$2,479 Free cash flow $ 7,024 $ 4,791 +$2,233 Net revenue by segment (Dollars in millions) Q3 25 Q3 24 Change Semiconductor solutions $ 9,166 57 % $ 7,274 56 % +26 % Infrastructure software 6,786 43 5,798 44 +17 % Total net revenue $ 15,952 100 % $ 13,072 100 % The Company’s cash and cash equivalents at the end of the fiscal quarter were $10,718 million, compared to $9,472 million at the end of the prior fiscal quarter. During the third fiscal quarter, the Company generated $7,166 million in cash from operations and spent $142 million on capital expenditures, resulting in $7,024 million of free cash flow. On June 30, 2025, the Company paid a cash dividend of $0.59 per share, totaling $2,786 million. The differences between the Company’s GAAP and non-GAAP results are described generally under “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” below and presented in detail in the financial reconciliation tables attached to this release. Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2025 Business Outlook Based on current business trends and conditions, the outlook for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2025, ending November 2, 2025, is expected to be as follows: • Fourth quarter revenue guidance of approximately $17.4 billion; and • Fourth quarter Adjusted EBITDA guidance of 67 percent of projected revenue. The guidance provided above is only an estimate of what the Company believes is realizable as of the date of this release. The Company is not readily able to provide a reconciliation of projected Adjusted EBITDA to projected net income without unreasonable effort. Actual results will vary from the guidance and the variations may be material. The Company undertakes no intent or obligation to publicly update or revise any of these projections, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 2 Quarterly Dividends The Company’s Board of Directors has approved a quarterly cash dividend of $0.59 per share. The dividend is payable on September 30, 2025 to stockholders of record at the close of business (5:00 p.m. Eastern Time) on September 22, 2025. Financial Results Conference Call Broadcom Inc. will host a conference call to review its financial results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2025 and to discuss the business outlook today at 2:00 p.m. Pacific Time. To Listen via Internet: The conference call can be accessed live online in the Investors section of the Broadcom website at https://investors.broadcom.com/. Replay: An audio replay of the conference call can be accessed for one year through the Investors section of Broadcom’s website at https://investors.broadcom.com/. Non-GAAP Financial Measures The non-GAAP measures should not be considered as a substitute for, or superior to, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP financial data is included in the supplemental financial data attached to this press release. Broadcom believes non-GAAP financial information provides additional insight into the Company’s on-going performance. Therefore, Broadcom provides this information to investors for a more consistent basis of comparison and to help them evaluate the results of the Company’s on-going operations and enable more meaningful period to period comparisons. In addition to GAAP reporting, Broadcom provides investors with net income, operating income, gross margin, operating expenses, cash flow and other data on a non-GAAP basis. This non-GAAP information excludes amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, stock-based compensation expense, restructuring and other charges, acquisition-related costs, including integration costs, non-GAAP tax reconciling adjustments, and other adjustments. Management does not believe that these items are reflective of the Company’s underlying performance. Internally, these non-GAAP measures are significant measures used by management for purposes of evaluating the core operating performance of the Company, establishing internal budgets, calculating return on investment for development programs and growth initiatives, comparing performance with internal forecasts and targeted business models, strategic planning, evaluating and valuing potential acquisition candidates and how their operations compare to the Company’s operations, and benchmarking performance externally against the Company’s competitors. The exclusion of these and other similar items from Broadcom’s non-GAAP financial results should not be interpreted as implying that these items are non-recurring, infrequent or unusual. Free cash flow measures have limitations as they omit certain components of the overall cash flow statement and do not represent the residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures. Investors should not consider presentation of free cash flow measures as implying that stockholders have any right to such cash. Broadcom’s free cash flow may not be calculated in a manner comparable to similarly named measures used by other companies. 3 About Broadcom Broadcom Inc. (NASDAQ: AVGO) is a global technology leader that designs, develops, and supplies a broad range of semiconductor, enterprise software and security solutions. Broadcom’s category-leading product portfolio serves critical markets including cloud, data center, networking, broadband, wireless, storage, industrial, and enterprise software. Our solutions include service provider and enterprise networking and storage, mobile device and broadband connectivity, mainframe, cybersecurity, and private and hybrid cloud infrastructure. Broadcom is a Delaware corporation headquartered in Palo Alto, CA. For more information, go to www.broadcom.com. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This announcement contains forward-looking statements (including within the meaning of Section 21E of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 27A of the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended) concerning Broadcom. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements that address our expected future business and financial performance, our plans and expectations with regard to our share repurchases, and other statements identified by words such as “will,” “expect,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “should,” “intend,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “aim,” and similar words, phrases or expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and beliefs of Broadcom’s management, current information available to Broadcom’s management, and current market trends and market conditions and involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. Particular uncertainties that could materially affect future results include risks associated with: global economic conditions and uncertainty; government regulations, trade restrictions and trade tensions; global political and economic conditions relating to our international operations; any loss of our significant customers and fluctuations in the timing and volume of significant customer demand; cyclicality in the semiconductor industry or in our target markets; our acquisition of VMware, Inc., including our ability to realize the expected benefits; any acquisitions or dispositions we may make, such as delays, challenges and expenses associated with receiving governmental and regulatory approvals and satisfying other closing conditions, and with integrating acquired businesses with our existing businesses and our ability to achieve the benefits, growth prospects and synergies expected by such acquisitions; dependence on and risks associated with distributors and other channel partners of our products; dependence on senior management and our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; our ability to protect against cybersecurity threats and a breach of security systems; our ability to make successful investments in research and development; our ability to continue achieving design wins with our customers, as well as the timing of any design wins; our dependence on contract manufacturing and outsourced supply chain; our dependency on a limited number of suppliers; prolonged disruptions of our or our contract manufacturers’ manufacturing facilities, warehouses or other significant operations; our ability to accurately estimate customers’ demand and adjust our manufacturing and supply chain accordingly; our ability to improve our manufacturing capacity and quality; involvement in legal proceedings; ability of our software products to manage and secure IT infrastructures and environments; demand for our data center virtualization products and customer acceptance of our products, services and business strategy; compatibility of our software products with operating environments, platforms or third-party products; our ability to enter into satisfactory software license agreements;…