Exhibit 99.1 Intel Corporation 2200 Mission College Blvd. Santa Clara, CA 95054-1549 News Release Intel Reports Fourth -Quarter and Full-Year 2017 Financial Results Announces 10 Percent Increase to Quarterly Cash Dividend News Summary: • Record fourth -quarter revenue was $17.1 billion and record full-year revenue was $62.8 billion . Excluding McAfee, fourth-quarter revenue grew 8 percent year-over-year with data-centric revenue up 21 percent, and full-year revenue grew 9 percent year-over-year. • Delivered outstanding quarterly and annual earnings growth. • In 2017, Intel generated a record $22 billion cash from operations and returned nearly $9 billion to shareholders. • In 2018, Intel expects another record year and is raising its quarterly cash dividend 10 percent on an annual basis. SANTA CLARA, Calif., January 25, 2018 -- Intel Corporation today reported full-year and fourth -quarter 2017 financial results. The company also announced that its board of directors has approved an increase in its cash dividend to $1.20 per-share on an annual basis, a 10 percent increase. The board also declared a quarterly dividend of $0.30 per-share on the company’s common stock, which will be payable on March 1 to shareholders of record on February 7. "2017 was a record year for Intel with record fourth-quarter results driven by strong growth of our data-centric businesses," said Brian Krzanich, Intel CEO. “The strategic investments we've made in areas like memory, programmable solutions, communications and autonomous driving are starting to pay off and expand Intel's growth opportunity. In 2018, our highest priorities will be executing to our data-centric strategy and meeting the commitments we make to our shareholders and our customers." “The fourth quarter was an outstanding finish to another record year. Compared to the expectations we set, our revenue was stronger, our operating margins were higher, and our spending was lower," said Bob Swan, Intel CFO. “Intel's PC-centric business continued to execute well in a declining market while the growth of our data-centric businesses shows Intel's transformation is on track." Intel's fourth-quarter results reflect an income tax expense of $5.4 billion as a result of the U.S. corporate tax reform enacted in December. This includes a one-time, required transition tax on our previously untaxed foreign earnings, which was partially offset by the re-measurement of deferred taxes using the new U.S. statutory tax rate. Looking ahead, the company is forecasting a 2018 tax rate of 14 percent as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act helps level the playing field for U.S. manufacturers like Intel that compete in today's global economy. "Intel has a rich history of investing in U.S.-led research and development and U.S. manufacturing," said Swan. "The tax reform is further incentive to continue these investments and reinforces our decision to invest in the build-out of our Arizona factory. It also informed the dividend increase we're announcing today." * Data-centric businesses include DCG, IOTG, NSG, PSG, and All Other. ^ No adjustment on a non-GAAP basis.

Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On January 25, 2018 , Intel Corporation (“Intel”) issued a press release announcing the financial results of its fourth quarter and full year ended December 30, 2017 and forward-looking statements relating to its first quarter of 2018 and full year 2018 . A copy of this press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference herein. The attached press release includes non-GAAP financial measures relating to our operations and forecasted outlook. Certain of these non-GAAP terms will be used in Intel’s earnings conference for the fourth quarter of 2017 . In addition, the attached press release includes reconciliations of these GAAP to non-GAAP measures, as well as an explanation of how management uses these non-GAAP measures and the reasons why management views these measures as providing useful information for investors. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP, and the financial results calculated in accordance with GAAP and reconciliations from Intel’s results should be carefully evaluated. The information in

Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference herein. The attached press release includes non-GAAP financial measures relating to our operations and forecasted outlook. Certain of these non-GAAP terms will be used in Intel’s earnings conference for the fourth quarter of 2017 . In addition, the attached press release includes reconciliations of these GAAP to non-GAAP measures, as well as an explanation of how management uses these non-GAAP measures and the reasons why management views these measures as providing useful information for investors. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP, and the financial results calculated in accordance with GAAP and reconciliations from Intel’s results should be carefully evaluated. The information in