Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On February 6, 2024 , Gilead Sciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Gilead”), issued a press release announcing its financial results for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2023. A copy of the press release is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. Gilead has presented certain financial information in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) and also on a non-GAAP basis. Management believes this non-GAAP information is useful for investors, when considered in conjunction with Gilead’s GAAP financial statements, because management uses such information internally for its operating, budgeting and financial planning purposes. Non-GAAP information is not prepared under a comprehensive set of accounting rules and should only be used to supplement an understanding of Gilead’s operating results as reported under GAAP. Non-GAAP measures may be defined and calculated differently by other companies in the same industry. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP financial information is provided in the tables on pages 10, 11 and 12 of the press release filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. The information in

Exhibit 99.1 to this report. Gilead has presented certain financial information in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) and also on a non-GAAP basis. Management believes this non-GAAP information is useful for investors, when considered in conjunction with Gilead’s GAAP financial statements, because management uses such information internally for its operating, budgeting and financial planning purposes. Non-GAAP information is not prepared under a comprehensive set of accounting rules and should only be used to supplement an understanding of Gilead’s operating results as reported under GAAP. Non-GAAP measures may be defined and calculated differently by other companies in the same industry. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP financial information is provided in the tables on pages 10, 11 and 12 of the press release filed as