Exhibit 99 UTC REPORTS THIRD QUARTER 2016 RESULTS • Sales of $14.4 billion were up 4 percent versus the prior year including 5 percent organic sales growth • GAAP EPS of $1.74, up 8 percent versus the prior year • Adjusted EPS of $1.76, up 5 percent versus the prior year • Increases 2016 full year adjusted EPS and organic sales outlook* FARMINGTON, Conn., October 25, 2016 - United Technologies Corp. (NYSE:UTX) today reported third quarter 2016 results. All results in this release reflect continuing operations unless otherwise noted. Third quarter GAAP EPS of $1.74 was up 8 percent versus the prior year and included 2 cents of net restructuring and other significant items. Adjusted EPS of $1.76 was up 5 percent versus the prior year. Net income in the quarter was $1.4 billion, up 1 percent versus the prior year. Sales of $14.4 billion were up 4 percent, driven by 5 points of organic growth partially offset by 1 point of adverse foreign exchange. "United Technologies delivered another quarter of strong financial performance,” said UTC Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Gregory Hayes. “Organic growth across the aerospace units and solid cash generation across all businesses, even with continuing investments in the aerospace related ramp-up, give us high confidence in meeting our commitments to shareholders. Based on our year-to-date performance, we now expect slightly higher organic sales growth and we are raising the low end of our adjusted EPS outlook by ten cents and now expect 2016 EPS of $6.55 to $6.60 per share*. “We continue to focus on innovation and execution in each of our businesses and this focus is starting to pay off. Otis new equipment orders in the quarter increased 2 percent over the prior year at constant currency and grew 8 percent excluding China. Our Geared Turbofan Engine continues to perform exceptionally well and is now in service with eight operators around the world. Dispatch reliability on the GTF powered A320neo is 99.9% and fuel burn is meeting - and in some cases exceeding - our targets. Customer demand for the Geared Turbofan Engine also remains strong and our order book has grown to 8,400 engines, including announced and unannounced firm and option engines." *Note: When we provide expectations for adjusted EPS and organic sales on a forward-looking basis, a reconciliation of the differences between the non-GAAP expectations and the corresponding GAAP measures generally is not available without unreasonable effort. See “Use and Definitions of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” below for additional information. Cash flow from operations for the quarter was $2.0 billion (135 percent of net income attributable to common shareowners) and capital expenditures were $394 million. Free cash flow of $1.6 billion in the quarter was 108 percent of net income attributable to common shareowners. Commercial aftermarket sales were up 11 percent at Pratt & Whitney, and up 2 percent at UTC Aerospace Systems. While equipment orders at UTC Climate, Controls & Security were flat on an organic basis, commercial and residential HVAC orders in the Americas were up 10 and 11 percent, respectively. Hayes added, "In the quarter, we completed our $6 billion accelerated share repurchase and we are on track to return $22 billion in cash to shareholders from 2015 through 2017. With our focused portfolio of industry leading franchises, we remain confident in our ability to create significant long-term value for our shareholders.” UTC updates its 2016 outlook and now anticipates: • Adjusted EPS of $6.55 to $6.60 up from $6.45 to $6.60*; • Total sales unchanged ($57 to $58 billion, year over year growth of 2 to 3 percent) including organic sales growth of 2 to 3 percent up from 1 to 3 percent; • There is no change in the company’s previously provided 2016 expectations for free cash flow, share repurchases, and the placeholder for acquisitions. *Note: When we provide expectations for adjusted EPS and organic sales on a forward-looking basis, a reconciliation of the differences between the non-GAAP expectations and the corresponding GAAP measures generally is not available without unreasonable effort. See “Use and Definitions of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” below for additional information. United Technologies Corp., based in Farmington, Connecticut, provides high technology products and services to the building and aerospace industries. By combining a passion for science with precision engineering, the company is creating smart, sustainable solutions the world needs. Additional information, including a webcast, is available at www.utc.com or http://edge.media-server.com/m/p/ac4y9uz5 , or to listen to the earnings call by phone, dial (877) 280-7280 between 8:10 a.m. and 8:30 a.m. ET. To learn more about UTC, visit the website or follow the company on Twitter: @UTC Use and Definitions of Non-GAAP Financial Measures We supplement the reporting of our financial information determined under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP") with certain non-GAAP financial information. The non-GAAP information presented provides investors with additional useful information, but should not be considered in isolation or as substitutes for the related GAAP measures. Moreover, other companies may define non-GAAP measures differently, which limits the usefulness of these measures for comparisons with such other companies. We encourage investors to review our financial statements and publicly-filed reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure. Adjusted net sales, organic sales, adjusted operating profit and adjusted diluted EPS are non-GAAP financial measures. Adjusted net sales represents consolidated net sales from continuing operations (a GAAP measure), excluding significant items of a non-recurring and nonoperational nature (hereinafter referred to as “other significant items”). Organic sales represents consolidated net sales (a GAAP measure), excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, acquisitions and divestitures completed in the preceding twelve months and other significant items. Adjusted operating profit represents income from continuing operations (a GAAP measure), excluding restructuring costs and other significant items. Adjusted diluted EPS represents diluted earnings per share from continuing operations (a GAAP measure), excluding restructuring costs and other significant items. For the business segments, when applicable, adjustments of net sales, operating profit and margins similarly reflect continuing operations, excluding restructuring and other significant items. Management believes that the non-GAAP measures just mentioned are useful in providing period-to-period comparisons of the results of the Company’s ongoing operational performance. Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure that represents cash flow from operations (a GAAP measure) less capital expenditures. Management believes free cash flow is a useful measure of liquidity and an additional basis for assessing UTC's ability to fund its activities, including the financing of acquisitions, debt service, repurchases of UTC's common stock and distribution of earnings to shareholders. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to the corresponding amounts prepared in accordance with GAAP appears in the tables in this press release. The tables provide additional information as to the items and amounts that have been excluded from the adjusted measures. When we provide our expectations for adjusted EPS and free cash flow on a forward-looking basis, a reconciliation of the differences between the non-GAAP expectations and the corresponding GAAP measures (expected diluted EPS from continuing operations, expected cash flow from operations and sales) generally is not available without unreasonable effort due to potentially high variability, complexity and low visibility as to the items that would be excluded from the GAAP measure in the relevant future period, such as unusual gains and losses, the ultimate outcome of pending litigation, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, the impact and timing of potential acquisitions and divestitures, and other structural changes or their probable significance. The variability of the excluded items may have a significant, and potentially unpredictable, impact on our future GAAP results. Cautionary Statement This press release contains statements which, to the extent they are not statements of historical or present fact, constitute "forward-looking statements" under the securities laws. From time to time, oral or written forward-looking statements may also be included in other information released to the public. These forward-looking statements are intended to provide management’s current expectations or plans for our future operating and financial performance, based on assumptions currently believed to be valid. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as "believe," "expect," "expectations," "plans," "strategy," "prospects," "estimate," "project," "target," "anticipate," "will," "should," "see," "guidance," "confident" and other words of similar meaning in connection with a discussion of future operating or financial performance. Forward-looking statements may include, among other things, statements relating to future sales, earnings, cash flow, results of operations, uses of cash, share repurchases and other measures of financial performance or potential future plans, strategies or transactions. All forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. For those statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such risks, uncertainties and other factors include, without limitation: (1) the effect of economic conditions in the industries and markets in which we operate in the U.S. and globally and any changes therein, including financial market conditions, fluctuations in commodity prices, interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates, levels of end market demand in construction and in both the commercial and defense segments of the aerospace industry, levels of air travel, financial condition of commercial airlines, the impact of weather conditions and natural disasters and the financial condition of our customers and suppliers; (2) challenges in the development, production, delivery, support, performance and realization of the anticipated benefits of advanced technologies and new products and services; (3) future levels of indebtedness and capital spending and research and development spending; (4) future availability of credit and factors that may affect such availability, including credit market conditions and our capital structure; (5) delays and disruption in delivery of materials and services from suppliers; (6) customer- and Company- directed cost reduction efforts and restructuring costs and savings and other consequences thereof; (7) the scope, nature, impact or timing of acquisition and divestiture activity, including among other things integration of acquired businesses into our existing businesses and realization of synergies and opportunities for growth and innovation; (8) new business opportunities; (9) our ability to realize the intended benefits of organizational changes; (10) the anticipated benefits of diversification and balance of operations across product lines, regions and industries; (11) the timing and scope of future repurchases of our common stock, which may be suspended at any time due to market conditions and the level of other investing activities and uses of cash; (12) the outcome of legal proceedings, investigations and other contingencies; (13) pension plan assumptions and future contributions; (14) the…