Exhibit 99.1 The Home Depot Announces Second Quarter Fiscal 2024 Results; Updates Fiscal 2024 Guidance ATLANTA, August 13, 2024 -- The Home Depot ® , the world's largest home improvement retailer, today reported sales of $43.2 billion for the second quarter of fiscal 2024, an increase of 0.6% from the second quarter of fiscal 2023. Total sales include $1.3 billion from the recent acquisition of SRS Distribution Inc. (SRS), which represents approximately six weeks of sales in the quarter. Comparable sales for the second quarter of fiscal 2024 decreased 3.3%, and comparable sales in the U.S. decreased 3.6%. Operating income for the second quarter of fiscal 2024 was $6.5 billion and operating margin was 15.1%, compared with operating income of $6.6 billion and an operating margin of 15.4% for the second quarter of fiscal 2023. Adjusted (1) operating income for the second quarter of fiscal 2024 was $6.6 billion and adjusted (1) operating margin was 15.3%, compared with adjusted operating income of $6.6 billion and an adjusted operating margin of 15.5% for the second quarter of fiscal 2023. Net earnings for the second quarter of fiscal 2024 were $4.6 billion, or $4.60 per diluted share, compared with net earnings of $4.7 billion, or $4.65 per diluted share, in the same period of fiscal 2023. Adjusted (1) diluted earnings per share for the second quarter of fiscal 2024 were $4.67, compared with adjusted diluted earnings per share of $4.68 in the same period of fiscal 2023. “The underlying long-term fundamentals supporting home improvement demand are strong,” said Ted Decker, chair, president and CEO. “During the quarter, higher interest rates and greater macro-economic uncertainty pressured consumer demand more broadly, resulting in weaker spend across home improvement projects. However, the team continued to navigate this unique environment while executing at a high level. I would like to thank our associates for their hard work and dedication to serving our customers and communities.” (1) The Company reports its financial results in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). As used above and throughout this earnings release, adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, and adjusted diluted earnings per share are non-GAAP financial measures. Refer to the end of this release for an explanation of these non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of the historical non-GAAP financial results used in this release to comparable GAAP results. Fiscal 2024 Guidance The company updated its fiscal 2024 guidance, which includes 53 weeks of operating results, to reflect the performance in the first half of fiscal 2024 and include SRS: • Total sales to increase between 2.5% and 3.5% including the 53 rd week ◦ 53 rd week projected to add approximately $2.3 billion to total sales ◦ SRS expected to contribute approximately $6.4 billion in incremental sales • Comparable sales to decline between 3% and 4% for the 52-week period compared to fiscal 2023 ◦ Comparable sales decline of 3% implies a consumer demand environment consistent with the first half of fiscal 2024 ◦ While comparable sales for the company are not currently on the trajectory for the low end of the range, a 4% decline implies incremental pressure on consumer demand • Approximately 12 new stores • Gross margin of approximately 33.5% • Operating margin rate to be between 13.5% to 13.6% • Adjusted (1), (2) operating margin rate to be between 13.8% to 13.9% • Tax rate of approximately 24% • Net interest expense of approximately $2.2 billion • 53-week diluted earnings-per-share-percent decline between 2% and 4% ◦ 53 rd week expected to contribute approximately $0.30 of diluted earnings per share compared to fiscal 2023 • 53-week adjusted (1), (3) diluted earnings-per-share to decline between 1% and 3% ◦ 53 rd week expected to contribute approximately $0.30 of adjusted diluted earnings per share compared to fiscal 2023 The Home Depot will conduct a conference call today at 9 a.m. ET to discuss information included in this news release and related matters. The conference call will be available in its entirety through a webcast and replay at ir.homedepot.com/events-and-presentations. At the end of the second quarter, the company operated a total of 2,340 retail stores and over 760 branches across all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 10 Canadian provinces and Mexico. The Company employs over 465,000 associates. The Home Depot's stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: HD) and is included in the Dow Jones industrial average and Standard & Poor's 500 index. ### (2) Excludes an expected approximately 30 basis point impact from acquired intangible asset amortization. (3) Excludes an expected after-tax impact of approximately $0.30 from acquired intangible asset amortization. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements contained herein constitute "forward-looking statements" as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may relate to, among other things, the demand for our products and services, including as a result of macroeconomic conditions; net sales growth; comparable sales; the effects of competition; our brand and reputation; implementation of interconnected retail, store, supply chain and technology initiatives; inventory and in-stock positions; the state of the economy; the state of the housing and home improvement markets; the state of the credit markets, including mortgages, home equity loans, and consumer credit; the impact of tariffs; issues related to the payment methods we accept; demand for credit offerings; management of relationships with our associates, potential associates, suppliers and service providers; cost and availability of labor; costs of fuel and other energy sources; events that could disrupt our business, supply chain, technology infrastructure, or demand for our products and services, such as international trade disputes, natural disasters, climate change, public health issues, cybersecurity events, labor disputes, geopolitical conflicts, military conflicts, or acts of war; our ability to maintain a safe and secure store environment; our ability to address expectations regarding environmental, social and governance matters and meet related goals; continuation or suspension of share repurchases; net earnings performance; earnings per share; future dividends; capital allocation and expenditures; liquidity; return on invested capital; expense leverage; changes in interest rates; changes in foreign currency exchange rates; commodity or other price inflation and deflation; our ability to issue debt on terms and at rates acceptable to us; the impact and expected outcome of investigations, inquiries, claims, and litigation, including compliance with related settlements; the challenges of operating in international markets; the adequacy of insurance coverage; the effect of accounting charges; the effect of adopting certain accounting standards; the impact of legal and regulatory changes, including changes to tax laws and regulations; store openings and closures; guidance for fiscal 2024 and beyond; financial outlook; and the impact of acquired companies, including SRS, on our organization and the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of any acquisitions. Forward-looking statements are based on currently available information and our current assumptions, expectations and projections about future events. You should not rely on our forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to future events, risks and uncertainties – many of which are beyond our control, dependent on the actions of third parties, or currently unknown to us – as well as potentially inaccurate assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from our historical experience and our expectations and projections. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described in Part I,