EXHIBIT 99.1 NEWS RELEASE NEWS RELEASE NEWS RELEASE NEWS RELEASE FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Media Contacts: Leah M. Gerstner, Leah.M.Gerstner@aexp.com, +1.212.640.3174 Andrew R. Johnson, Andrew.R.Johnson@aexp.com, +1.212.640.8610 Investors/Analysts Contacts: Vivian Y. Zhou, Vivian.Y.Zhou@aexp.com, +1.212.640.5574 Michelle A. Scianni, Michelle.A.Scianni@aexp.com, +1.212.640.5574 AMERICAN EXPRESS FIRST-QUARTER REVENUE INCREASES 29% TO $11.7 BILLION, DRIVEN BY STRONG CARD MEMBER SPENDING GLOBALLY FIRST-QUARTER EARNINGS PER SHARE WAS $2.73 COMPANY REAFFIRMS 2022 REVENUE AND EPS GUIDANCE ($ in millions, except per share amounts, and where indicated) Quarters Ended March 31, Percentage Inc/(Dec) 2022 2021 Total Network Volumes (Billions) $350.3 $269.3 30% Total Revenues Net of Interest Expense $11,735 $9,064 29% Total Provisions for Credit Losses $(33) $(675) 95% Net Income $2,099 $2,235 (6)% Diluted Earnings Per Common Share 1 $2.73 $2.74 — Average Diluted Common Shares Outstanding 758 805 (6)% New York – April 22, 2022 – American Express Company (NYSE: AXP) today reported first-quarter net income of $2.1 billion, or $2.73 per share, compared with net income of $2.2 billion, or $2.74 per share, a year ago. “Our strong first-quarter results demonstrated the continued business momentum we’ve achieved over the last several quarters despite the uncertain macro environment,” said Stephen J. Squeri, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. “Revenues were up 29 percent year-over-year, driven by Card Member spending growth of 35 percent globally on an FX-adjusted basis, with volumes reaching a monthly record high in March. "This performance was enabled by our ongoing investments in areas critical to sustainable, long-term growth, including customer acquisition, engagement and retention. We added 3 million new proprietary cards in the quarter, as acquisitions of U.S. Consumer Platinum and Gold Cards and U.S. Business Platinum Cards reached all-time highs for the quarter. With travel activity continuing to pick up, we also had record monthly acquisitions for our Delta Cards in March. 1 “We also saw increased engagement across our customer categories, led by strong spending by Millennial and Gen Z Card Members and small and medium-sized businesses, which were up 56 percent and 30 percent, respectively, on an FX-adjusted basis over last year. Goods and Services spending, which is the largest category of spending on our network, continued to accelerate in the quarter, growing 21 percent on an FX-adjusted basis over last year. Travel and Entertainment spending was up 121 percent on an FX-adjusted basis over a year ago and essentially reached pre-pandemic levels globally for the first time in March, driven by continued strength in consumer travel. “Our customer retention remained at very high levels throughout the quarter, demonstrating the high value that customers place on American Express Membership. “These results are in line with our expectations for the full year, and we are reaffirming our full-year guidance of 18 to 20 percent revenue growth and earnings per share between $9.25 and $9.65.” First-quarter consolidated total revenues net of interest expense were $11.7 billion, up 29 percent from $9.1 billion a year ago. The increase primarily reflected growth in Card Member spending compared to the prior year. Consolidated provisions for credit losses resulted in a benefit of $33 million, compared with a benefit of $675 million a year ago. The change primarily reflected a significantly lower net reserve release in the current quarter compared with a year ago, partially offset by lower net write-offs in the current quarter, with credit metrics remaining near historic lows. Consolidated expenses were $9.1 billion, up 34 percent from $6.7 billion a year ago, reflecting higher customer engagement costs primarily driven by a 30 percent increase in network volumes. Operating expenses were also higher, primarily reflecting net gains on Amex Ventures equity investments in the prior year and increased compensation costs in the current quarter. The consolidated effective tax rate was 22.6 percent, down from 25.3 percent a year ago. The decrease primarily reflected discrete tax benefits in the current quarter. Global Consumer Services Group reported first-quarter pretax income of $1.7 billion, compared with $2.1 billion a year ago. Total revenues net of interest expense were $6.9 billion, up 27 percent from $5.4 billion a year ago. The increase primarily reflected growth in Card Member spending compared to the prior year. Provisions for credit losses resulted in a benefit of $55 million, compared with a benefit of $503 million a year ago. The change primarily reflected a significantly lower net reserve release in the current quarter compared with a year ago, partially offset by lower net write-offs in the current quarter. Total expenses were $5.2 billion, up 38 percent from $3.8 billion a year ago. The increase reflected higher customer engagement costs primarily driven by increased network volumes. Operating expenses were also higher primarily as a result of increased compensation, as well as technology and servicing costs. Global Commercial Services reported first-quarter pretax income of $804 million, compared with $675 million a year ago. Total revenues net of interest expense were $3.5 billion, up 31 percent from $2.7 billion a year ago, primarily reflecting growth in Card Member spending compared to the prior year. Provisions for credit losses were $21 million, compared with a benefit of $161 million a year ago. The change primarily reflected lower reserve releases compared with a year ago, partially offset by lower net write-offs in the current quarter. Total expenses were $2.7 billion, up 24 percent from $2.1 billion a year ago, reflecting higher customer engagement costs primarily driven by increased network volumes. Operating expenses were also higher primarily as a result of increased compensation, as well as technology and servicing costs. Global Merchant and Network Services reported first-quarter pretax income of $687 million, compared with $385 million a year ago. Total revenues net of interest expense were $1.4 billion, up 30 percent from $1.1 billion a year ago, primarily reflecting an increase in network volumes compared to the prior year. 2 Total expenses were $715 million, up 1 percent from $707 million a year ago. Corporate and Other reported a first-quarter pretax loss of $514 million, compared with a pretax loss of $212 million a year ago. The decline was primarily driven by net gains on Amex Ventures equity investments in the prior year. ________________________________ Notes: 1 Diluted earnings per common share (EPS) was reduced by the impact of (i) earnings allocated to participating share awards and other items of $16 million and $15 million for the three months ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and, (ii) dividends on preferred shares of $14 million for both the three months ended March 31, 2022 and 2021. As used in this release: • Card Member spending (billed business) represents transaction volumes, including cash advances, on payment products issued by American Express. • Customer engagement costs represent the aggregate of Card Member rewards, business development, Card Member services, and marketing expenses. • FX-adjusted information assumes a constant exchange rate between the periods being compared for purposes of currency translations into U.S. dollars (i.e., assumes the foreign exchange rates used to determine results for the three months ended March 31, 2022 apply to the period against which such results are being compared). • Network volumes represent the total of billed business and processed volumes. • Operating expenses represent salaries and employee benefits, professional services, data processing and equipment, and other, net. • Reserve releases and reserve builds represent the portion of the provisions for credit losses for the period related to increasing or decreasing reserves for credit losses as a result of, among other things, changes in volumes, macroeconomic outlook, portfolio composition, and credit quality of portfolios. Reserve releases represent the amount by which net write-offs exceed the provisions for credit losses. Reserve builds represent the amount by which the provisions for credit losses exceed net write-offs. ### About American Express American Express is a globally integrated payments company, providing customers with access to products, insights and experiences that enrich lives and build business success. Learn more at americanexpress.com and connect with us on facebook.com/americanexpress, instagram.com/americanexpress, linkedin.com/company/american-express, twitter.com/americanexpress, and youtube.com/americanexpress. Key links to products, services and corporate responsibility information: personal cards, business cards, travel services, gift cards, prepaid cards, merchant services, Accertify, Kabbage, Resy, corporate card, business travel, diversity and inclusion, corporate responsibility and Environmental, Social, and Governance reports. Source: American Express Company Location: Global This earnings release should be read in conjunction with the company’s statistical tables for the first quarter 2022, available on the American Express Investor Relations website at http://ir.americanexpress.com and in a Form 8-K furnished today with the Securities and Exchange Commission. An investor conference call will be held at 8:30 a.m. (ET) today to discuss first-quarter results. Live audio and presentation slides for the investor conference call will be available to the general public on the above-mentioned American Express Investor Relations website. A replay of the conference call will be available later today at the same website address. 3 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements, which address American Express Company’s current expectations regarding business and financial performance, including management’s outlook for 2022, expectations for 2023 and aspirations for 2024 and beyond, among other matters, contain words such as “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “plan,” “aim,” “will,” “may,” “should,” “could,” “would,” “likely” and similar expressions. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, include, but are not limited to, the following: • the company’s ability to achieve its 2022 earnings per common share (EPS) outlook, grow earnings in the future and execute on its growth plan, which will depend in part on revenue growth, credit performance and the effective tax rate remaining consistent with current expectations and the company’s ability to continue investing in its brand, customers, value proposition, coverage, technology and talent, controlling operating expenses, effectively managing risk and executing its share repurchase program; any of which could be impacted by, among other things, the factors identified in the subsequent paragraphs as well as the following: the extent and duration of the effect of the pandemic on the economy, consumer and business spending, and customer behaviors, such as with respect to travel, dining, shopping and in-person events; Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and related geopolitical impacts; the effects and duration of inflation, staffing shortages, supply chain issues and increased energy costs; the impact on consumers and businesses as forbearance and government support programs end;…