Exhibit 99.1 PRESS RELEASE INVESTOR CONTACT : Lisa L. Ewbank Synopsys, Inc. 650-584-1901 Synopsys-ir@synopsys.com EDITORIAL CONTACT : Simone Souza Synopsys, Inc. 650-584-6454 simone@synopsys.com Synopsys Posts Financial Results for Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Q2 FY 2022 Financial Highlights • Revenue: $1.279 billion • GAAP earnings per diluted share: $1.89 • Non-GAAP earnings per diluted share: $2.50 MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. – May 18, 2022 – Synopsys, Inc . (Nasdaq: SNPS ) today reported results for its second quarter fiscal year 2022. Revenue for the second quarter of fiscal year 2022 was $1.279 billion, compared to $1.024 billion for the second quarter of fiscal year 2021. “Synopsys delivered an outstanding fiscal second quarter, exceeding our guidance targets with strength across all product groups and geographies. Based on strong first half execution and confidence in our business, we are raising our full-year targets substantially,” said Aart de Geus, chairman and CEO of Synopsys. “Our financial momentum builds on three drivers: an unmatched product portfolio with groundbreaking new innovations, robust semiconductor and electronics market demand, and excellent operational execution. Notwithstanding macroeconomic choppiness in an uncertain geopolitical environment, our customers continue to prioritize investments to enable the new “smart everything” era. For fiscal 2022, we expect to grow annual revenue approximately 20% and pass the $5 billion milestone, drive further operating margin expansion, grow earnings per share by more than 25%, and generate approximately $1.6 billion in operating cash flow.” 1 GAAP Results On a generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) basis, net income for the second quarter of fiscal year 2022 was $294.8 million, or $1.89 per diluted share, compared to $195.1 million, or $1.24 per diluted share, for the second quarter of fiscal year 2021. Non-GAAP Results On a non-GAAP basis, net income for the second quarter of fiscal year 2022 was $390.8 million, or $2.50 per diluted share, compared to non-GAAP net income of $267.1 million, or $1.70 per diluted share, for the second quarter of fiscal year 2021. For a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results, see “GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation” in the accompanying tables below. Business Segments Synopsys reports revenue and operating income in two segments: (1) Semiconductor & System Design, which includes EDA tools, IP products, system integration solutions and other associated revenue categories, and (2) Software Integrity, which includes a comprehensive solution for building integrity—security, quality and compliance testing—into the customers’ software development lifecycle and supply chain. Further information regarding these segments is provided at the end of this press release. Financial Targets Synopsys also provided its consolidated financial targets for the third quarter and full fiscal year 2022. These financial targets assume that there are no further changes to the current U.S. government “Entity List” restrictions. These targets constitute forward-looking statements and are based on current expectations. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these targets, see “Forward-Looking Statements” below. 2 Third Quarter and Fiscal Year 2022 Financial Targets (in millions except per share amounts) Range for Three Months Range for Fiscal Year July 31, 2022 October 31, 2022 Low High Low High Revenue $ 1,210 $ 1,240 $ 5,000 $ 5,050 GAAP Expenses $ 981 $ 1,001 $ 3,928 $ 3,975 Non-GAAP Expenses $ 830 $ 840 $ 3,350 $ 3,380 Other Income (Expense) $ (2 ) $ — $ — $ 4 Non-GAAP Tax Rate 18 % 18 % 18 % 18 % Outstanding Shares (fully diluted) 156 159 156 159 GAAP EPS $ 1.32 $ 1.44 $ 6.22 $ 6.40 Non-GAAP EPS $ 2.01 $ 2.06 $ 8.63 $ 8.70 Operating Cash Flow $ 1,550 $ 1,600 Earnings Call Open to Investors Synopsys will hold a conference call for financial analysts and investors today at 2:00 p.m. Pacific Time. A live webcast of the call will be available on Synopsys’ corporate website at www.synopsys.com. A recording of the call will be available by calling +1-866-207-1041 (+1-402-970-0847 for international callers), access code 8770568, beginning at 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time today, until 11:59 p.m. Pacific Time on May 25, 2022. A webcast replay will also be available on the corporate website from approximately 5:30 p.m. Pacific Time today through the time Synopsys announces its results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2022 in August 2022. Synopsys will post copies of the prepared remarks of Aart de Geus, chairman and chief executive officer, and Trac Pham, chief financial officer, on its website following today’s call. In addition, Synopsys makes additional information available in a financial supplement and corporate overview presentation, also posted on the corporate website. Effectiveness of Information The targets included in this press release, the statements made during the earnings conference call and the information contained in the financial supplement and corporate overview presentation (available in the Investor Relations section of Synopsys’ corporate website at www.synopsys.com) represent Synopsys’ expectations and beliefs as of the date of this release only. Although this press release, copies of the prepared remarks of the chief executive officer and chief financial officer made during the call, the financial supplement, and the corporate overview presentation will remain available on Synopsys’ website through the date of the third quarter of fiscal year 2022 earnings call in August 2022, their continued availability through such date does not mean that Synopsys is reaffirming or confirming their continued validity. Synopsys undertakes no duty, and does not currently intend, to report on its progress during the third quarter of fiscal year 2022 or comment to analysts or investors on, or otherwise update, the targets given in this release. 3 Availability of Final Financial Statements Synopsys will include final financial statements for the second quarter fiscal year 2022 in its quarterly report on Form 10-Q to be filed by June 9, 2022. About Synopsys Synopsys, Inc. (Nasdaq: SNPS) is the Silicon to Software ™ partner for innovative companies developing the electronic products and software applications we rely on every day. As an S&P 500 company, Synopsys has a long history of being a global leader in electronic design automation (EDA) and semiconductor IP and offers the industry’s broadest portfolio of application security testing tools and services. Whether you’re a system-on-chip (SoC) designer creating advanced semiconductors, or a software developer writing more secure, high-quality code, Synopsys has the solutions needed to deliver innovative products. Learn more at www.synopsys.com . GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation Synopsys continues to provide all information required in accordance with GAAP, but acknowledges evaluating its ongoing operating results may not be as useful if an investor is limited to reviewing only GAAP financial measures. Accordingly, Synopsys presents non-GAAP financial measures in reporting its financial results to provide investors with an additional tool to evaluate Synopsys’ operating results in a manner that focuses on what Synopsys believes to be its core business operations and what Synopsys uses to evaluate its business operations and for internal planning and forecasting purposes. Synopsys’ management does not itself, nor does it suggest that investors should, consider such non-GAAP financial measures in isolation from, superior to, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. Synopsys’ management believes it is useful for itself and investors to review, as applicable, both GAAP financial measures that include: (i) the amortization of acquired intangible assets, (ii) the impact of stock compensation, (iii) acquisition-related costs, (iv) restructuring charges, (v) the effects of certain settlements, final judgments and loss contingencies related to legal proceedings, and (vi) the income tax effect of non-GAAP pre-tax adjustments; and the non-GAAP financial measures that exclude such information in order to assess the performance of Synopsys’ business and for planning and forecasting in subsequent periods. 4 Synopsys adopted a three-year normalized non-GAAP tax rate of 16% for fiscal year 2019 through 2021 in calculating non-GAAP financial measures to provide better consistency across interim reporting periods by eliminating the effects of non-recurring and period-specific items, which can vary in size and frequency and not necessarily reflect our normal operations, and to more clearly align our tax rate with our expected geographic earnings mix. Given the uncertainty surrounding corporate tax reform, Synopsys adopted an annual non-GAAP tax rate of 18% for fiscal year 2022 rather than a three-year normalized non-GAAP tax rate in calculating its non-GAAP financial measures. This annual non-GAAP tax rate is based on an evaluation of its historical and projected mix of U.S. and international profit before tax, taking into account the impact of non-GAAP adjustments, as well as other factors such as its current tax structure, existing tax positions and expected recurring tax incentives. Synopsys re-evaluates this rate on an annual basis for any significant events that could materially affect its projections, such as significant changes in its geographic earnings mix or significant tax law changes in major jurisdictions where Synopsys operates, and further consider the appropriateness of adopting a multi-year normalized non-GAAP tax rate. Whenever Synopsys uses a non-GAAP financial measure, it provides a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the most closely applicable GAAP financial measure. Investors are encouraged to review the related GAAP financial measures and the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure as detailed below, as well as

Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On May 18, 2022, Synopsys, Inc. (“ Synopsys ”, “ we ”, “ our ”, or “ us ”) issued a press release announcing the financial results of its second fiscal quarter ended April 30, 2022. A copy of the press release is furnished and attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. The information in this Current Report, including the exhibit hereto, shall not be deemed to be “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section or Sections 11 and 12(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The information contained herein and in the accompanying exhibit shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Synopsys whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. The attached press release includes measures that are not in accordance with, or are an alternative for, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“ GAAP ”). The attached press release includes non-GAAP earnings per diluted share, non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP tax rate, target non-GAAP expenses, and target non-GAAP earnings per diluted share. These non-GAAP measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies. In addition, these non-GAAP measures are not based on any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles, and management exercises judgment in determining which items should be excluded in the calculation of non-GAAP measures. While we acknowledge that non-GAAP measures have limitations in that they do not reflect all of the amounts associated with our results of operations…