Item 2.02, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any other filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. Coinbase is making reference to non-GAAP financial information in both the Shareholder Letter and the conference call. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results is provided in the Shareholder Letter, as attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K. Coinbase announces material information to its investors using filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Company’s website at www.coinbase.com and blog.coinbase.com, as well as press releases, public conference calls, public webcasts, its Twitter feed (@coinbase), its Facebook page, its LinkedIn page, its YouTube channel, and Brian Armstrong’s Twitter feed (@brian_armstrong). Therefore, Coinbase encourages investors, the media and others interested in the Company to review the information it makes public in these locations, as such information could be deemed to be material information.

Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any other filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. Coinbase is making reference to non-GAAP financial information in both the Shareholder Letter and the conference call. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results is provided in the Shareholder Letter, as attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K. Coinbase announces material information to its investors using filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Company’s website at www.coinbase.com and blog.coinbase.com, as well as press releases, public conference calls, public webcasts, its Twitter feed (@coinbase), its Facebook page, its LinkedIn page, its YouTube channel, and Brian Armstrong’s Twitter feed (@brian_armstrong). Therefore, Coinbase encourages investors, the media and others interested in the Company to review the information it makes public in these locations, as such information could be deemed to be material information.