Exhibit 99.1 Zoom Communications Reports Financial Results for the Second Quarter of Fiscal Year 2026 • Second quarter total revenue of $1,217.2 million, up 4.7% year over year as reported and 4.4% in constant currency • Second quarter Enterprise revenue of $730.7 million, up 7.0% year over year • Second quarter GAAP operating margin of 26.4% and non-GAAP operating margin of 41.3% • Second quarter GAAP EPS of $1.16, up 65.7% year over year, and non-GAAP EPS of $1.53, up 10.0% year over year • Repurchased approximately 6.0 million shares of common stock in Q2, bringing the total shares repurchased under the current plan to 27.4 million • Number of customers contributing more than $100,000 in trailing 12 months revenue up 8.7% year over year San Jose, California – August 21, 2025 – Zoom Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ: ZM), today announced financial results for the second fiscal quarter ended July 31, 2025. “AI is transforming the way we work together, and Zoom is at the forefront, driving innovation that helps people get more done, reduce costs, and deliver better experiences for customers and employees alike,” said Eric S. Yuan, Zoom’s founder and CEO. “We delivered an across-the-board strong Q2 marked by achieving our highest year-over-year revenue growth in 11 quarters and expanding GAAP operating margin year over year by 9 percentage points. With our robust performance, we are happy to raise our full year outlook for revenue, non-GAAP operating income, as well as free cash flow, which we now expect to be in the range of $1.74 billion to $1.78 billion.” Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2026 Financial Highlights: • Revenue: Total revenue for the second quarter was $1,217.2 million, up 4.7% year over year. Adjusting for foreign currency impact, revenue in constant currency was $1,213.6 million, up 4.4% year over year. Enterprise revenue was $730.7 million, up 7.0% year over year, and Online revenue was $486.6 million, up 1.4% year over year. • Income from Operations and Operating Margin: GAAP income from operations for the second quarter was $321.7 million, compared to GAAP income from operations of $202.4 million in the second quarter of fiscal year 2025. Non-GAAP income from operations, which adjusts for stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes, acquisition-related expenses, and litigation settlements, net, was $503.2 million for the second quarter, compared to non-GAAP income from operations of $455.5 million in the second quarter of fiscal year 2025. For the second quarter, GAAP operating margin was 26.4% and non-GAAP operating margin was 41.3%. • Net Income and Diluted Net Income Per Share: GAAP net income for the second quarter was $358.6 million, or $1.16 per share, compared to GAAP net income of $219.0 million, or $0.70 per share, in the second quarter of fiscal year 2025. Non-GAAP net income for the second quarter, which adjusts for stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes, gains on strategic investments, net, acquisition-related expenses, litigation settlements, net, and the tax effects on non-GAAP adjustments, was $471.3 million, or $1.53 per share. In the second quarter of fiscal year 2025, non-GAAP net income was $436.4 million, or $1.39 per share. • Cash and Marketable Securities: Total cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, excluding restricted cash, as of July 31, 2025 was $7.8 billion. • Cash Flow: Net cash provided by operating activities was $515.9 million for the second quarter, compared to $449.3 million in the second quarter of fiscal year 2025. Free cash flow, which is net cash provided by operating activities less purchases of property and equipment, was $508.0 million, compared to $365.1 million in the second quarter of fiscal year 2025. Customer Metrics: Drivers of total revenue included acquiring new customers. At the end of the second quarter of fiscal year 2026, Zoom had: • 4,274 customers contributing more than $100,000 in trailing 12 months revenue, up 8.7% from the same quarter last fiscal year. • A trailing 12-month net dollar expansion rate for Enterprise customers of 98%. • Online average monthly churn of 2.9% for the second quarter, flat year over year. • The percentage of total Online MRR from Online customers with a continual term of service of at least 16 months was 74.9%, up 50 bps year over year. Financial Outlook: Zoom is providing the following guidance for its third quarter of fiscal year 2026 and its full fiscal year 2026. • Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2026: Total revenue is expected to be between $1.210 billion and $1.215 billion and revenue in constant currency is expected to be between $1.207 billion and $1.212 billion. Non-GAAP income from operations is expected to be between $465.0 million and $470.0 million. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be between $1.42 and $1.44 with approximately 307 million weighted average shares outstanding. • Full Fiscal Year 2026: Total revenue is expected to be between $4.825 billion and $4.835 billion and revenue in constant currency is expected to be between $4.817 billion and $4.827 billion. Full fiscal year non-GAAP income from operations is expected to be between $1.905 billion and $1.915 billion. Full fiscal year non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be between $5.81 and $5.84 with approximately 308 million weighted average shares outstanding. Full fiscal year free cash flow is expected to be between $1.740 billion and $1.780 billion. The EPS and share count figures do not include any impact from $724.7 million of authorized share repurchase remaining as of July 31, 2025. Additional information on Zoom's reported results, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP results to their most comparable GAAP measures, is included in the financial tables below. A reconciliation of non-GAAP guidance measures to corresponding GAAP measures is not available on a forward-looking basis without unreasonable effort due to the uncertainty of expenses that may be incurred in the future, although it is important to note that these factors could be material to Zoom's results computed in accordance with GAAP. A supplemental financial presentation and other information can be accessed through Zoom’s investor relations website at investors.zoom.us. Zoom Video Earnings Call Zoom will host a Zoom Video Webinar for investors on August 21, 2025 at 2:00 p.m. Pacific Time / 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time to discuss the company’s financial results, business highlights and financial outlook. Investors are invited to join the Zoom Video Webinar by visiting: https://investors.zoom.com/ Zoomtopia 2025 Investor Session As part of Zoomtopia 2025, Zoom will host a Zoom Webinar for the investment community on September 17, 2025 at 2:00 p.m. Pacific Time / 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time. The session will last approximately one hour. Members of Zoom’s executive team will take part in a Q&A session that will provide insights into the company’s business strategy, key initiatives, and recent innovations. Investors and interested parties are invited to join the live webinar by visiting: https://investors.zoom.us/news-events/events About Zoom Zoom’s mission is to provide an AI-first open work platform for human connection. Zoom Workplace makes connecting easier, more immersive, and more dynamic for businesses and individuals. Together with Zoom Workplace, Zoom’s Business Services for sales, marketing, and customer care teams, including Zoom Contact Center, strengthen customer relationships throughout the customer lifecycle. Founded in 2011, Zoom is publicly traded (NASDAQ:ZM) and headquartered in San Jose, California. Get more information at zoom.com Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains express and implied “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding Zoom's financial outlook for the third quarter of fiscal year 2026 and full fiscal year 2026, Zoom’s market position, opportunities, and growth strategy, product initiatives, including future product and feature releases and the potential of agentic AI, and go-to-market motions and the expected benefits resulting from the same, market trends, and Zoom's stock repurchase program. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “might,” “plan,” “project,” “will,” “would,” “should,” “could,” “can,” “predict,” “potential,” “target,” “explore,” “continue,” or the negative of these terms, and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. By their nature, these statements are subject to numerous uncertainties and risks, including factors beyond our control, that could cause actual results, performance or achievement to differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the statements, including: declines in new customers, renewals or upgrades, or decline in demand for our platform, difficulties in evaluating our prospects and future results of operations given our limited operating history, competition from other providers of communications platforms, the effect of macroeconomic conditions on our business, including geopolitical tensions, tariffs and escalating trade tensions, interest rate fluctuations, inflationary pressures and market and foreign currency exchange rate volatility, lengthened sales cycles with large organizations, delays or outages in services from our co-located data centers, failures in internet infrastructure or interference with broadband access, compromised security measures, including ours and those of the third parties upon which we rely, and global security concerns and their potential impact on regional and global economies and supply chains. Additional risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements are included under the caption “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in our most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), including our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 30, 2025. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date the statements are made and are based on information available to Zoom at the time those statements are made and/or management's good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events. Zoom assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made, except as required by law. Non-GAAP Financial Measures Zoom has provided in this press release financial information that has not been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (“GAAP”). Zoom uses these non-GAAP financial measures internally in analyzing its financial results and believes that use of these non-GAAP financial measures is useful to investors as an additional tool to evaluate ongoing operating results and trends and in comparing Zoom’s financial results with other companies in its industry, many of which present similar non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP financial measures and should be read only in conjunction with Zoom’s condensed consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of Zoom’s historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures has been provided in the financial statement tables included in this press release, and investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation. Non-GAAP Income from Operations and Non-GAAP Operating Margin. Zoom defines non-GAAP income from operations as income from operations excluding stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes, acquisition-related expenses, and litigation settlements, net. Zoom excludes stock-based…