8-K 1 d203993d8k.htm FORM 8-K Form 8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 May 31, 2016 Date of Report (date of earliest event reported) SALESFORCE.COM, INC. (Exact name of Registrant as specified in charter) Delaware 001-32224 94-3320693 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I. R. S. Employer Identification No.) The Landmark @ One Market, Suite 300 San Francisco CA 94105 (Address of principal executive offices) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (415) 901-7000 N/A (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below): ¨ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ¨ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) x Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement Merger Agreement On May 31, 2016, salesforce.com, inc. (the “Company”) entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”) by and among the Company, Dynasty Acquisition Corp . , an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the “Purchaser”), and Demandware, Inc. (“Demandware”). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, and upon the terms and subject to the conditions thereof, the Purchaser will, within eight business days of May 31, 2016, commence a cash tender offer (the “Offer”) to purchase all of the outstanding shares of common stock, $0.01 par value per share, of Demandware (the “Shares”) at a price per share of $75.00 (the “Offer Price”), net to the seller in cash, without interest, for an overall transaction value of approximately $2.8 billion (net of cash acquired). The Offer is expected to be completed in the second quarter of the Company’s fiscal year 2017, which ends July 31, 2016. The Offer will be subject to customary conditions, including (i) the valid tender, not validly withdrawn, of the number of Shares, together with any Shares beneficially owned by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, that would represent one share more than 50% of the sum of (a) all Shares then outstanding, plus (b) all Shares issuable to holders of Demandware stock options from whom Demandware has received notices of exercise (and as to which Shares have not yet been issued to such exercising holders), (ii) the expiration or termination of the required waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 and (iii) approval by the German Federal Cartel Office. The Company intends to fund the transaction with cash on hand and up to $500 million under a new term loan as described under “Commitment Letter” below. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, following the completion of the Offer, the Purchaser will be merged with and into Demandware, with Demandware becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the “Merger”). In the Merger, all then outstanding Shares, other than Shares held by the Company, the Purchaser and Demandware, and Shares held by stockholders who have validly exercised their appraisal rights under the Delaware General Corporation Law (the “DGCL”), will be cancelled and converted into the right to receive the Offer Price. The Merger Agreement contemplates that the Merger will be effected pursuant to Section 251(h) of the DGCL, which permits completion of the Merger upon the collective ownership by the Company, the Purchaser and any other subsidiary of the Company of one share more than 50% of the then-issued and outstanding Shares, and if the Merger is so effected pursuant to Section 251(h) of the DGCL, no stockholder vote will be required to consummate the Merger. The Merger Agreement contains representations, warranties and covenants of the Company, Demandware and the Purchaser that are customary for a transaction of this nature, including among others, covenants by Demandware concerning the conduct of its business during the pendency of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, restrictions on solicitation of competing acquisition proposals, public disclosures and other matters. The Merger Agreement contains certain termination rights of the Company and Demandware and provides that, upon the termination of the Merger Agreement under specified circumstances, Demandware will be required to pay the Company a termination fee of $107 million. The foregoing descriptions of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by this reference. Exhibit 2.1 is filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and therefore may be incorporated by reference into filings made under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). The Merger Agreement, which has been included to provide investors with information regarding its terms and is not intended to provide any other factual information about the Company or Demandware, contains representations and warranties of each of the Company, Demandware and the Purchaser. The assertions embodied in those representations and warranties were made for purposes of the Merger Agreement and are subject to qualifications and limitations agreed to by the respective parties in connection with negotiating the terms of the Merger Agreement, including information contained in confidential disclosure schedules that the parties exchanged in connection with signing the Merger Agreement. Accordingly, investors and security holders should not rely on such representations and warranties as characterizations of the actual state of facts or circumstances, since they were only made as of a specific date and are modified in important part by the underlying disclosure schedules. In addition, certain representations and warranties may be subject to a contractual standard of materiality different from what might be viewed as material to stockholders, or may have been used for purposes of allocating risk between the respective parties rather than establishing matters of fact. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of such representations and warranties may change after the date of the Merger Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in the Company’s or Demandware’s public disclosures. Commitment Letter On May 31, 2016, in connection with the Merger Agreement, the Company entered into a commitment letter with Bank of America, N.A. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (the “Commitment Letter”), pursuant to which, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, Bank of America, N.A. has committed to provide a $500 million term loan, the proceeds of which may be used for the payment of the Offer Price contemplated by, and the payment of fees and expenses incurred in connection with, the Merger Agreement and the Offer. The agreement for the term loan facility would contain affirmative covenants, negative covenants and events of default, as well as financial covenants, in each case to be negotiated by the parties. The commitment is subject to various conditions, including consummation of the Offer. The foregoing description of the Commitment Letter does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Commitment Letter, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by this reference. Item 8.01 Other Events On June 1, 2016, the Company and Demandware issued a press release announcing the entry into the Merger Agreement. A copy of that press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1. Additional Information The Offer has not yet commenced. This report is for informational purposes only and is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell any securities. At the time the Offer is commenced, the Company and the Purchaser will file with the SEC a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO, and Demandware will file a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 with respect to the Offer. Demandware stockholders and other investors are strongly advised to read the Offer materials (including the Offer to Purchase, the related Letter of Transmittal and certain other tender offer documents that have yet to be filed) and the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement because they will contain important information that should be read carefully before any decision is made with respect to the Offer. The Tender Offer Statement and the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement will be available for free at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Free copies of these materials and other Offer documents will be made available by the information agent for the Offer. In addition to the Offer to Purchase, the related Letter of Transmittal and certain other Offer documents, the Company and Demandware file annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy any reports, statements or other information filed by the parties at the SEC public reference room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference room. The parties’ filings with the SEC are also available to the public from commercial document-retrieval services and at the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. Forward-Looking Statements This report contains “forward-looking statements” relating to the acquisition of Demandware by the Company and the Purchaser. All statements other than historical facts included in this report, including, but not limited to, statements regarding the timing and the closing of the transaction, the financing for the transaction, the expected benefits of the transaction, prospective performance and future business plans, and any assumptions underlying any of the foregoing, are forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations of future events. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or unknown, or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could vary materially from the parties’ expectations and projections. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things: uncertainties regarding the timing of the closing of the transaction; uncertainties as to how many of Demandware’s stockholders may tender their stock in the Offer; the possibility that various closing conditions to the tender offer and merger transactions may not be satisfied or waived, including that a governmental entity may prohibit, delay, or refuse to grant approval for the consummation of the transaction; that there is a material adverse change to Demandware; the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted with respect to the transaction; that the integration of Demandware’s business into the Company is not as successful as expected; the failure to realize anticipated synergies and cost savings; the failure of the Company to achieve the expected financial and commercial results from the transaction; other business effects, including effects of industry, economic or political conditions outside either company’s control; transaction costs; actual or contingent liabilities; as well as other cautionary statements contained elsewhere herein and in the Company’s and Demandware’s periodic and other reports filed with the SEC including the factors set forth in their most recent annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, the Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO and other Offer documents to be filed by the Company, and the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 to be filed by Demandware. These forward-looking statements reflect the Company’s expectations as of the date of this report. The Company undertakes no obligation to update the information provided herein. Additional information about the Company is available at www.salesforce.com. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits (d) Exhibits . Exhibit No. Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 31, 2016, by and among salesforce.com, inc., Dynasty Acquisition Corp. and Demandware, Inc.* 10.1 Commitment Letter, dated as of May 31, 2016, by and among salesforce.com, inc., Bank of America, N.A. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated 99.1 Press Release dated June 1, 2016 * Schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K, but a copy will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. Signature Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Dated: June 1, 2016 salesforce.com, inc. /s/ Burke Norton Burke Norton Chief Legal Officer & Chief of Corporate and Government Affairs Exhibit Index Exhibit No. Exhibit Title 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 31, 2016, by and among salesforce.com, inc., Dynasty Acquisition Corp. and Demandware, Inc.* 10.1 Commitment Letter, dated as of May 31, 2016, by and among salesforce.com, inc., Bank of America, N.A. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated 99.1 Press Release dated June 1, 2016 * Schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K, but a copy will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.

EX-99.1 4 d203993dex991.htm EX-99.1 EX-99.1 Exhibit 99.1 Media Contacts Gina Sheibley VP Corporate Communications, Salesforce gsheibley@salesforce.com (917) 297-8988 John Cummings VP of Investor Relations Salesforce jcummings@salesforce.com (415) 866-6628 Jim Hillier VP of Investor Relations, Demandware Jhillier@demandware.com (781) 425-7675 Press Release Salesforce Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire Demandware With Demandware, Salesforce, the #1 CRM, will extend its Customer Success Platform with new Salesforce Commerce Cloud Demandware is the global cloud leader in the multi-billion dollar digital commerce market Leading global brands including Design Within Reach, Lands’ End, L’Oreal and Marks & Spencer rely on Demandware to power their commerce and connect 1:1 with consumers across the web, mobile, social and in-store experiences SAN FRANCISCO and BURLINGTON, MA —June 1, 2016—Salesforce (NYSE: CRM), the Customer Success Platform and the world’s #1 CRM company, and Demandware (NYSE: DWRE), the industry-leading provider of enterprise cloud commerce solutions, today announced that they have entered into a definitive agreement under which Salesforce will acquire Demandware in a transaction worth approximately $2.8 billion (net of cash acquired). Under the terms of the agreement, Salesforce will commence a tender offer for all outstanding shares of Demandware for $75.00 per share, in cash. The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of Salesforce’s fiscal year 2017, ending July 31, 2016. Comments on the News: • “Demandware is an amazing company—the global cloud leader in the multi-billion dollar digital commerce market,” said Marc Benioff, chairman and CEO, Salesforce. “With Demandware, Salesforce will be well positioned to deliver the future of commerce as part of our Customer Success Platform and create yet another billion dollar cloud.” • “Demandware and Salesforce share the same passionate focus on customer success,” said Tom Ebling, CEO, Demandware. “Becoming part of Salesforce will accelerate our vision to empower the world’s leading brands with the most innovative digital commerce solutions that enable them to connect 1:1 with customers across any channel.” According to Gartner, worldwide spending on digital commerce platforms is expected to grow at over 14 percent annually, reaching $8.544 billion by 2020 (Gartner, Inc. Forecast: Enterprise Software Markets, Worldwide, 2013-2020, 1Q16 Update, March 17, 2016). Salesforce’s acquisition of Demandware, a recognized leader in the space, will extend the company’s CRM leadership and position it to capture this multi-billion dollar digital commerce market with what will be the new Salesforce Commerce Cloud. The Salesforce Commerce Cloud will be an integral part of Salesforce’s Customer Success Platform, creating opportunities for companies to connect with their customers in entirely new ways. Salesforce customers will have access to the industry’s leading enterprise cloud commerce platform, and Demandware’s customers will be able to leverage Salesforce’s leading sales, service, marketing, communities, analytics, IoT and platform solutions to deliver a more comprehensive, personalized consumer experience. Demandware—the Industry Leading Enterprise Cloud Commerce Platform Demandware enables leading global brands including Design Within Reach, Lands’ End, L’Oreal and Marks & Spencer to deliver personalized, 1:1 experiences for consumers and power their commerce across the web, mobile, social and in the store. Details Regarding the Proposed Demandware Acquisition Under the terms of the transaction, Salesforce will commence a tender offer to acquire all of the outstanding shares of Demandware for $75.00 per share in cash. The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of Salesforce’s fiscal year 2017, ending July 31, 2016, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including the acceptance of a majority of Demandware shares in the tender offer and expiration of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act. Following the successful completion of the tender offer, Demandware shares not tendered in the tender offer will be converted in a second step merger into the right to receive the same $75.00 per share in cash paid in the tender offer. Financial Impact to Salesforce of the Proposed Demandware Acquisition FY17 Revenue: The acquisition is expected to increase Salesforce’s FY17 total revenue by approximately $100 million to $120 million. This estimate reflects an approximately $50 million reduction relating to fair value adjustments to deferred revenue and unbilled deferred revenue, adjustments related to the combined customer base, and inter-company revenue elimination. FY17 non-GAAP EPS: As discussed further below, guidance updates for GAAP EPS for all periods discussed are not currently available and Salesforce expects to provide the applicable updates when it releases second quarter results in August 2016, assuming the transaction has closed and the purchase accounting is completed. The acquisition is expected to decrease FY17 non-GAAP diluted EPS by approximately $0.07. This estimate reflects standard integration costs and transaction fees expected to be in the range of $30 million. Q2 FY17 Revenue: The acquisition is expected to increase Salesforce’s Q2 FY17 total revenue by approximately $0 million to $10 million. Q2 FY17 non-GAAP EPS: Transaction fees related to the acquisition are expected to reduce Q2 FY17 diluted non-GAAP EPS by approximately $0.03. Based on the above, Salesforce is updating its guidance previously reported on May 18, 2016, as follows: Q2 FY17 Guidance: Revenue for Salesforce’s fiscal second quarter 2017 is projected to be in the range of $2.005 billion to $2.025 billion, an increase of 23% to 24% year-over-year. Q2 FY17 diluted non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.21 to $0.22. Full Year FY17 Guidance: Revenue for Salesforce’s full fiscal year 2017 is projected to be in the range of $8.26 billion to $8.32 billion, an increase of 24% to 25% year-over-year. FY17 diluted non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.93 to $0.95. Non-GAAP EPS estimates assume a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 35%. The non-GAAP EPS calculation assumes an average fully diluted share count of approximately 700 million shares. Full-year operating cash flow growth is now expected to be in the range of 22% to 23% year-over-year. These estimates assume a fiscal second quarter close date, and actual results could differ materially based on the final transaction close date. Salesforce is not currently able to prepare an accurate forecast for the second quarter or full year impact of the acquisition on GAAP EPS and will not be able to do so until the purchase accounting is concluded after the transaction closes. Salesforce expects to be able to provide this update when it releases second quarter results in August 2016. The impact on GAAP EPS is expected to be more significant than for non-GAAP EPS due to the additional stock-based compensation charges and the impact of other various non-cash items, including amortization of acquisition-related intangibles and income tax adjustments. Non-GAAP Financial Measures: This press release includes information about non-GAAP EPS and non-GAAP tax rates (collectively the “non-GAAP financial measures”). The primary purpose of using non-GAAP financial measures is to provide supplemental information that may prove useful to investors who wish to consider the impact of certain non-cash or non-recurring items on the company’s operating performance and to enable investors to evaluate the company’s results in the same way management does. Non-GAAP EPS estimates exclude the impact of the following non-cash items: stock-based compensation, amortization of acquisition-related intangibles, and the net amortization of debt discount on the company’s convertible senior notes, as well as income tax adjustments. The non-GAAP tax rate estimate excludes the tax adjustments and tax consequences associated with the above excluded non-cash expense items. The method used to produce non-GAAP financial measures is not computed according to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and may differ from the methods used by other companies. Non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with the company’s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. BofA Merrill Lynch is serving as exclusive financial advisor to Salesforce. Goldman, Sachs & Co. is serving as exclusive financial advisor to Demandware. Additional Information The tender offer has not yet commenced. This press release is for informational purposes only and is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell any securities. At the time the tender offer is commenced, Salesforce will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO, and Demandware will file a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 with respect to the tender offer. Demandware stockholders and other investors are strongly advised to read the tender offer materials (including the Offer to Purchase, the related Letter of Transmittal and certain other tender offer documents that have yet to be filed) and the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement because they will contain important information that should be read carefully before any decision is made with respect to the tender offer. The Tender Offer Statement and the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement will be available for free at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Free copies of these materials and other tender offer documents will be made available by the information agent for the tender offer. In addition to the Offer to Purchase, the related Letter of Transmittal and certain other tender offer documents, Salesforce and Demandware file annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy any reports, statements or other information filed by the parties at the SEC public reference room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference room. The parties’ filings with the SEC are also available to the public from commercial document-retrieval services and at the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains “forward-looking statements” relating to the acquisition of Demandware by Salesforce. All statements other than historical facts included in this press release, including, but not limited to, statements regarding the timing and the closing of the transaction, the financing for the transaction, the expected benefits of the transaction, prospective performance and future business plans, and any assumptions underlying any of the foregoing, are forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations of future events. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or unknown, or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could vary materially from the parties’ expectations and projections. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things: uncertainties regarding the timing of the closing of the transaction; uncertainties as to how many of Demandware’s stockholders may tender their stock in the tender offer; the possibility that various closing conditions to the tender offer and merger transactions may not be satisfied or waived, including that a governmental entity may prohibit, delay, or refuse to grant approval for the consummation of the transaction; that there is a material adverse change to Demandware; the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted with respect to the transaction; that the integration of Demandware’s business into Salesforce is not as successful as expected; the failure to realize anticipated synergies and cost savings; the failure of Salesforce to achieve the expected financial and commercial results from the transaction; other business effects, including effects of industry, economic or political conditions outside either company’s control; transaction costs; actual or contingent liabilities; as well as other cautionary statements contained elsewhere herein and in Salesforce’s and Demandware’s periodic and other reports filed with the SEC including the factors set forth in their most recent annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, the Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO and other offer documents to be filed by Salesforce, and the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 to be filed by Demandware. These forward-looking statements reflect Salesforce’s expectations as of the date of this report. Salesforce undertakes no obligation to update the information provided herein. Management Conference Call Salesforce and Demandware will host a conference call to discuss this transaction at 8:00 a.m. (ET) / 5:00 a.m. (PT) on June 1, 2016. A live dial-in is available domestically at 866-901-SFDC or 866-901-7332 and internationally at 706-902-1764, passcode 23989005. A live audiocast of the event will be available on the salesforce.com Investor Relations website at http://www.salesforce.com/investor and Demandware’s website at http://investors.demandware.com/. A replay will be available at 800-585-8367 or 855-859-2056, until midnight (ET) July 1, 2016. Additional Information • A blog from Tom Ebling, CEO at Demandware, is available here. • A Salesforce blog post and FAQ is available here. • In light of the pending acquisition, Demandware will not be presenting at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch 2016 Global Technology Conference today, June 1, or at the Stifel Technology, Internet & Media Conference on June 6. About Demandware Demandware, the category-defining leader of enterprise cloud commerce solutions, empowers the world’s leading retailers to continuously innovate in our complex, consumer-driven world. Demandware’s open cloud platform provides unique benefits including seamless innovation, the LINK ecosystem of integrated best-of-breed partners, and community insight to optimize customer experiences. These advantages enable Demandware customers to lead their markets and grow faster. For more information, visit www.Demandware.com, call +1-888-553-9216 or email info@Demandware.com. About Salesforce Salesforce, the Customer Success Platform and world’s #1 CRM company, empowers companies to connect with their customers in a whole new way. For more information about Salesforce (NYSE: CRM), visit: http://www.salesforce.com.