Exhibit 99.1 The Priceline Group Reports Financial Results for 3 rd Quarter 2016 NORWALK, CT – November 7, 2016 . . . The Priceline Group Inc. (NASDAQ: PCLN) today reported its 3 rd quarter 2016 financial results. Third quarter gross travel bookings for The Priceline Group (the "Company," the "Group," "we," "our," or "us"), which refers to the total dollar value, generally inclusive of all taxes and fees, of all travel services purchased by its customers, net of cancellations, were $18.5 billion, an increase of 25% over a year ago (approximately 26% on a constant-currency basis). The Group's gross profit for the 3 rd quarter was $3.6 billion, a 22% increase from the prior year (approximately 23% on a constant-currency basis). International operations contributed gross profit in the 3 rd quarter of $3.3 billion, a 25% increase versus a year ago (approximately 26% on a constant-currency basis). Net income in the 3 rd quarter was $506 million, a 58% decrease versus the prior year. Net income was $10.13 per diluted share, a 57% decrease as compared to the prior year. Net income and net income per diluted share for the 3 rd quarter were negatively impacted by a non-cash charge of $941 million relating to an impairment of OpenTable's goodwill. The impairment charge is a result of a change in business strategy as it relates to OpenTable's international expansion and other growth opportunities. This change in strategy resulted in OpenTable updating its forecasted financial results to reflect a material reduction in forecasted long-term financial results from these initiatives. While OpenTable will continue to pursue these growth opportunities, they will do so on a more measured and deliberate basis. Non-GAAP net income was $1.6 billion, a 20% increase versus the prior year. Non-GAAP net income was $31.18 per diluted share, a 23% increase compared to $25.35 per diluted share a year ago. FactSet consensus for 3 rd quarter non-GAAP net income was $29.92 per diluted share. Adjusted EBITDA for the 3 rd quarter 2016 was $1.9 billion , an increase of 19% versus a year ago. Non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP net income per diluted share and adjusted EBITDA exclude the goodwill impairment charge related to OpenTable discussed above, as well as other non-GAAP adjustments detailed below. The section below entitled " Non-GAAP Financial Measures " provides definitions and information about the use of non-GAAP financial measures in this press release, and the attached financial and statistical supplement reconciles non-GAAP financial information with the Group's financial results under GAAP. “The Priceline Group brands executed well during our peak summer travel season,” said Jeffery H. Boyd, Chairman and Interim Chief Executive Officer of The Priceline Group. “Globally, our accommodation business booked 150 million room nights in the 3 rd quarter, up 29% over the same period last year. The acceleration in room night growth demonstrates the favorable market in which we operate as well as the value of our diverse global platform.” Looking forward to the 4 th quarter, Mr. Boyd said, “We will continue to invest in smartly marketing our brands and in the tools and technology that benefit both our customers and partners in the online travel marketplace. We also look forward to pushing ahead with OpenTable to build on their strong brand with a strategy that supports both building the core business and international expansion at a more measured pace.” Non-GAAP Financial Measures The Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") and all normal and recurring adjustments that management of the Company considers necessary for a fair presentation of its financial position and operating results. 1 To supplement the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements, the Group uses the following non-GAAP financial measures: Adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP net income per share. The presentation of non-GAAP financial information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. The Group uses non-GAAP financial measures for financial and operational decision-making and as a basis to evaluate performance and set targets for employee compensation programs. The Group believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are useful for analysts and investors to evaluate the Group’s ongoing operating performance because they facilitate comparison of the Group’s results for the current period and projected next-period results to those of prior periods and to those of its competitors (though other companies may calculate similar non-GAAP financial measures differently than those calculated by the Group). These non-GAAP financial measures, in particular adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP operating income, and non-GAAP net income are not intended to represent funds available for the Group's discretionary use and are not intended to represent or to be used as a substitute for operating income, net income or cash flow from operations as measured under GAAP. The items excluded from these non-GAAP measures, but included in the calculation of their closest GAAP equivalent, are significant components of our consolidated statements of operations and must be considered in performing a comprehensive assessment of overall financial performance. Non-GAAP net income for the 3 rd quarter 2016 and for previously reported quarters is reported under our old non-GAAP methodology ("Old Methodology") and is reported as net income with the following adjustments: • excludes the impact, if any, of significant charges or benefits associated with judgments, rulings and/or settlements related to travel transaction tax (e.g., hotel occupancy taxes, excise taxes, sales taxes, etc.) proceedings, • excludes stock-based employee compensation expense, • excludes amortization expense of intangibles, • excludes the impact, if any, of significant charges related to the impairment of goodwill, • excludes non-cash interest expense related to the amortization of debt discount and gains or losses on early debt extinguishment, if any, related to our convertible debt, • excludes the impact, if any, of significant gains or losses on the sale of cost-method investments and significant charges related to other-than-temporary impairments of such investments, and • excludes income tax expense where no tax payments are owed because of existing net operating losses, primarily related to U.S. federal and state income taxes, and reflects the tax impact of non-GAAP adjustments. Because non-GAAP net income under our Old Methodology has been adjusted to exclude stock-based employee compensation expense, the non-GAAP share count used for calculating non-GAAP net income per share includes additional shares to reflect the total weighted-average shares for unvested restricted stock units and performance share units currently estimated to be issued at the end of the vesting periods. In addition to the adjustments listed above regarding non-GAAP net income, adjusted EBITDA excludes depreciation expense, interest income, interest expense and income tax expense and includes the impact of foreign currency transactions and other expenses. We evaluate certain financial metrics and financial measures on both an as-reported and constant-currency basis. We calculate constant currency by converting our current-year period financial results for transactions recorded in currencies other than U.S. Dollars using the corresponding prior-year period monthly average exchange rates rather than the current-year period monthly average exchange rates. The attached financial and statistical supplement includes reconciliations of the Group's financial results under GAAP to non-GAAP financial information for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 described above under our Old Methodology. 2 On August 4, 2016, the Company filed a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission stating that beginning with the Company’s 4 th quarter 2016 financial guidance, the Company will cease adjusting both non-GAAP net income and adjusted EBITDA for stock-based employee compensation expense. In addition, the Company stated that it will also discontinue adjusting non-GAAP net income to exclude the income tax expense where no tax payments are owed because of existing net operating losses (“NOLs”). Further, since the Company will no longer exclude stock-based employee compensation, a non-GAAP share count will no longer be calculated and the Company will use its GAAP share count to calculate non-GAAP net income per diluted share. A reconciliation of the Group's financial results for certain prior periods under the new non-GAAP methodology ("New Methodology") has been included in the attached financial and statistical supplement as

Item 2.02. Results of Operations and Financial Conditions On November 7, 2016 , The Priceline Group Inc. (the "Company") announced its financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 . The press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. Copies of the Company's unaudited consolidated balance sheet at September 30, 2016 , unaudited consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and unaudited consolidated statement of cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 , are included in the financial and statistical supplement attached to the press release. The unaudited consolidated balance sheet at September 30, 2016 , unaudited consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and unaudited consolidated statement of cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 shall be treated as "filed" for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, but all other information in the press release shall be treated as "furnished."