Exhibit 99.1 The Home Depot Announces Third Quarter Results; Updates Fiscal Year 2017 Guidance ATLANTA, November 14, 2017 -- The Home Depot®, the world's largest home improvement retailer, today reported sales of $25.0 billion for the third quarter of fiscal 2017, an 8.1 percent increase from the third quarter of fiscal 2016. Comparable store sales for the third quarter of fiscal 2017 were positive 7.9 percent, and comp sales for U.S. stores were positive 7.7 percent. Net earnings for the third quarter of fiscal 2017 were $2.2 billion, or $1.84 per diluted share, compared with net earnings of $2.0 billion, or $1.60 per diluted share, in the same period of fiscal 2016. For the third quarter of fiscal 2017, diluted earnings per share increased 15.0 percent from the same period in the prior year. “Though this quarter was marked by an unprecedented number of natural disasters, including multiple hurricanes, wildfires in the West, and earthquakes in Mexico, the underlying health of our core business remains solid,” said Craig Menear, chairman, CEO and president. “I am proud of our team and suppliers for their extraordinary efforts to support those in the path of the various natural disasters throughout the quarter. Our support of the impacted communities continues.” Impact of Hurricanes in the Fiscal Third Quarter The Company estimates that hurricane-related sales positively impacted comparable store sales growth by approximately $282 million in the fiscal third quarter. The gross margin on these hurricane-related sales was considerably less than the Company average. In the fiscal third quarter, the Company also incurred approximately $104 million of hurricane-related expense. As a result of the hurricanes, the Company’s operating profit was negatively impacted by approximately $51 million in the fiscal third quarter. Updated Fiscal 2017 Guidance Based on its year-to-date performance, underlying strength of the core business, and projected hurricane recovery sales, the Company lifted its fiscal 2017 sales growth guidance and now expects sales will be up approximately 6.3 percent and comp sales will be up approximately 6.5 percent. The Company also raised its diluted earnings-per-share growth guidance for the year and now expects diluted earnings-per-share growth of approximately 14.0 percent from fiscal 2016 to $7.36. The Company’s diluted earnings-per-share growth guidance includes the impact of $8 billion of share repurchases for fiscal 2017. The Home Depot will conduct a conference call today at 9 a.m. ET to discuss information included in this news release and related matters. The conference call will be available in its entirety through a webcast and replay at ir.homedepot.com/events-and-presentations. -more- -2- At the end of the third quarter, the Company operated a total of 2,283 retail stores in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 10 Canadian provinces and Mexico. The Company employs more than 400,000 associates. The Home Depot's stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: HD) and is included in the Dow Jones industrial average and Standard & Poor's 500 index. ### Certain statements contained herein constitute “forward-looking statements” as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may relate to, among other things, the demand for our products and services; net sales growth; comparable store sales; effects of competition; state of the economy; state of the residential construction, housing and home improvement markets; state of the credit markets, including mortgages, home equity loans and consumer credit; demand for credit offerings; inventory and in-stock positions; implementation of store, interconnected retail, supply chain and technology initiatives; management of relationships with our suppliers and vendors; the impact and expected outcome of investigations, inquiries, claims and litigation, including those related to the 2014 data breach; issues related to the payment methods we accept; continuation of share repurchase programs; net earnings performance; earnings per share; dividend targets; capital allocation and expenditures; liquidity; return on invested capital; expense leverage; stock-based compensation expense; commodity price inflation and deflation; the ability to issue debt on terms and at rates acceptable to us; the effect of accounting charges; the effect of adopting certain accounting standards; store openings and closures; guidance for fiscal 2017 and beyond; financial outlook; and the integration of acquired companies into our organization and the ability to recognize the anticipated synergies and benefits of those acquisitions. Forward-looking statements are based on currently available information and our current assumptions, expectations and projections about future events. You should not rely on our forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to future events, risks and uncertainties – many of which are beyond our control or are currently unknown to us – as well as potentially inaccurate assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those described in