Exhibit 99.2 Philip Morris International Inc. 2016 Fourth-Quarter and Full-Year Results Conference Call February 2, 2017 NICK ROLLI (SLIDE 1.) Welcome. Thank you for joining us. Earlier today, we issued a press release containing detailed information on our 2016 fourth-quarter and full-year results. You may access the release on our new company website at www.pmi.com or the PMI Investor Relations App. (SLIDE 2.) During our call today, we will be talking about results for the fourth quarter and full-year 2016 and comparing them to the same period in 2015, unless otherwise stated. A glossary of terms, adjustments and other calculations, as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures, are at the end of today’s webcast slides, which are posted on our website. Reduced-Risk Products, or “RRPs,” is the term we use to refer to products that present, are likely to present, or have the potential to present less risk of harm to smokers who switch to these products versus continued smoking. (SLIDE 3.) Today’s remarks contain forward-looking statements and projections of future results. I direct your attention to the Forward-Looking and Cautionary Statements disclosure in today’s presentation and press release for a review of the various factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from projections or forward-looking statements. Please also note that in the first quarter of 2017, we will begin to report our shipment volume on a combined basis including both cigarettes and HeatSticks . We will also report our combined estimated market share in certain markets, as we currently do for Japan, to the extent that reliable data is available. It’s now my pleasure to introduce André Calantzopoulos, our Chief Executive Officer. Jacek Olczak, our Chief Financial Officer, will join André for the question and answer period. André. 1 ANDRÉ CALANTZOPOULOS (SLIDE 4.) Thank you, Nick, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen. 2016 was a pivotal year for PMI, reflecting exciting progress in our transformation from combustible tobacco products to a Reduced-Risk Products focused company. While our combustible tobacco portfolio continued to drive our income growth, we began to see clear signs of the enormous potential for our RRP portfolio. (SLIDE 5.) As expected, we closed 2016 with exceptionally strong quarterly results, driven by the annualization of price increases and the growth of RRPs, coupled with a favorable cost comparison. Net revenues increased by 10.5% , excluding currency, while adjusted OCI and adjusted diluted EPS increased by over 47% and 51%, respectively, on the same basis. (SLIDE 6.) Full-year net revenues increased by 4.4% , excluding currency, driven by a favorable pricing variance, equivalent to 6.0% of prior year net revenues, and the strong performance of RRPs, notably HeatSticks and IQOS devices. As in any year, we faced some unique challenges in 2016, such as the very large excise tax increase in Argentina, the surge of illicit trade in Pakistan and the cigarette industry volume declines in the Philippines and Thailand. In aggregate, these items had an adverse effect on our volume and net revenues, but a very limited impact on our adjusted OCI due to the low corresponding margins. Please note that approximately 22% of our $733 million in 2016 RRP net revenues were from IQOS devices, which yielded a negative margin due to introductory discounts offered in the initial commercialization phase to accelerate adult smoker switching. Clearly, the economics of the devices will improve over time as we reach broader adult smoker acceptance. (SLIDE 7.) Adjusted OCI increased by a robust 10.3% , excluding currency, driven by higher net revenues, on the same basis, and a favorable cost comparison versus 2015 notwithstanding continued investment behind RRPs. Our results were strong across all four Regions, with currency-neutral adjusted OCI growth ranging from 8.7% in the EU to 12.6% in EEMA. Adjusted OCI margin increased by 0.6 points to 41.8%, or by 2.4 points to 43.6% excluding currency, again with gains across all four Regions. 2 (SLIDE 8.) Adjusted diluted EPS increased by 11.8% , excluding currency, in 2016. Importantly, adjusted diluted EPS grew by 1.4% including currency, representing the first such increase since 2013. (SLIDE 9.) Full-year free cash flow was stable at $6.9 billion , despite unfavorable currency of $340 million and our previously announced increase in capital expenditures to support the manufacturing capacity expansion for HeatSticks . Excluding currency, free cash flow increased by 4.9% . (SLIDE 10.) As I mentioned previously, our strong financial results were achieved despite a cigarette shipment volume decline in 2016. Some 40% of the decline was due to Pakistan and the Philippines, where the volume erosion was concentrated in low unit margin brands that had a limited impact on our bottom line. A portion of our cigarette volume decline was also due to in-switching to HeatSticks from our own cigarette brands, a trend that we expect to continue going forward. HeatSticks volume reached 7.4 billion units, which reflected our maximum manufacturing capacity for 2016. HeatSticks volume would have been much higher absent this capacity restriction, which obliged us to limit IQOS device sales in Japan since June. (SLIDE 11.) Our cigarette market share, excluding China and the U.S., declined by 0.6 points in 2016, with low-price Fortune and super-low price Jackpot, both in the Philippines, accounting for 0.5 points of the total decline. Cigarette share for the balance of our portfolio was essentially stable. (SLIDE 12.) Marlboro continued its widespread growth, with cigarette share increases in the EU, Asia and Latin America & Canada Regions. Importantly, the brand's cigarette share growth in Asia was achieved in spite of the impact of Marlboro HeatSticks growth in Japan. Marlboro 's decline in EEMA was due essentially to Algeria, reflecting significant adult smoker rejection of the 2.0 Architecture for Marlboro Round Taste. As noted during our September Investor Day, we instituted a number of initiatives to address this weakness and, as of the fourth quarter, the brand had already recovered close to six points of market share compared to its nadir in the second quarter. 3 (SLIDE 13.) I will now discuss our performance in a few of our key geographies, beginning with the EU Region. Currency-neutral adjusted OCI increased for the second straight year, with higher pricing driving growth of over 8%. Full-year cigarette industry volume declined by 1.6% , with the decrease concentrated in the fourth quarter. This primarily reflects a difficult comparison with 2015, which benefited from the estimated positive impact of immigration and a recovery from illicit trade. Our Regional cigarette share was flat in 2016, with growth notably in France, Poland and Spain, offset mainly by a decline in Italy as a result of our price increase in the second quarter of 2016 and the growth of the super-low price segment. Marlboro ’s share increased by 0.2 points, growing in most key markets, with the exception of Italy. (SLIDE 14.) Moving to Russia, cigarette industry volume again exceeded our expectations in 2016, with the decline moderating to 4.6% , despite a third straight year of weighted-average industry retail price increases above 20%. Our cigarette market share declined by 1.2 points, due mainly to the slower penetration of competitors' price increases at retail. In addition, following the ban on the production of big packs, effective July 2016, many competitors launched limited pack editions at a discount equivalent to the per-stick price of big packs. We have deployed initiatives to improve our share performance and indeed stabilized our sequential quarterly share in the second half of the year. Strong pricing drove another year of double-digit OCI growth, excluding currency, in 2016, more than offsetting the adverse cigarette volume impact. For reference, amendments to the tax code effective January 2017 were enacted last November, raising the ad valorem rate to 14.5% and increasing both the specific and minimum excise tax. The weighted-average total excise tax pass-on for the industry is around 13 Rubles per pack, which equates to an average retail price increase of around 10% and is above the approximately 10 Rubles per pack average pass-on for 2016. Importantly, the tax code also now includes the introduction of a weight-based specific excise tax on heated tobacco products. (SLIDE 15.) Turning now to Japan, the growth of RRPs in 2016 had a notable impact on cigarette industry volume, which declined by 4.6% for the full year and by 7.4% in the fourth quarter. 4 HeatSticks ’ national market share continued its strong sequential growth, reaching 4.9% in the fourth quarter. During the final week of December, HeatSticks ' national market share reached an estimated 5.5% and its offtake share increased to 7.0%. Our full-year cigarette market share declined by 0.4 points to 24.9% , due mainly to the impact of HeatSticks. The rate of in-switching to HeatSticks from our own cigarette portfolio declined as the year progressed to an estimated 32% in late 2016. Our combined market share, including cigarettes and HeatSticks , increased by 1.7 points to 27.1% in 2016 and by 3.1 points to 28.3% in the fourth quarter. (SLIDE 16.) Indonesia continued to be an important profit driver for PMI in 2016, with double-digit OCI growth mainly reflecting strong pricing. Cigarette industry volume declined by 1.4% , due mainly to the soft economic environment and higher retail prices driven by a weighted-average excise tax increase in 2016 of around 15% industry-wide. The excise tax increase for 2017 is around 10%, on the same basis, though the government also increased the VAT rate on cigarettes to 9.1%, from 8.7% last year. As a result, the weighted-average total pass-on for the industry in 2017 is approximately 6% at the retail level, compared to 8% in 2016. The 0.9 points decline in our cigarette market share was due mainly to the soft performance of our lighter-tasting machine-made kretek brands, reflecting the impact of competitors' discounted product offerings. Our share decline was partly offset by the strong performance of our full-flavor machine-made kretek brand, U Bold . In addition, our Marlboro Filter Black kretek offering, which we launched in 25 cities last September, is performing well and already reached a national market share of 0.5% in the fourth quarter. Our actions to address our 2016 share weakness will continue bearing fruit this year, and we project that Indonesia will again be a key contributor to our OCI growth in 2017. (SLIDE 17.) Profit in the Philippines continued to improve in 2016, through higher pricing and favorable mix. While our total cigarette share declined by 2.1 points, due mainly to Fortune and Jackpot , Marlboro performed exceptionally, increasing its volume by 25%. Cigarette industry volume declined by 12.0% , due principally to the impact of excise tax-driven retail price increases at the bottom of the market in late 2015. Industry volume decreased by 13.2% in the fourth quarter, reflecting the impact of further excise tax-driven retail price increases at the end of October last year. 5 Effective January 1st of this year, the excise tax structure in the Philippines was reduced to one tier, with a specific rate of 30 Pesos per pack. This completed the tax tier harmonization process, which saw weighted-average excise tax increases of 33%, on a compound annual basis, since 2013. Based on current legislation, the specific rate is scheduled to increase by 4% annually, beginning in 2018. While we expect continued volume softness in 2017, due mainly to the final step in the excise tax tier convergence, we remain positive about the long-term growth potential in this important market. (SLIDE 18.) In the Latin America & Canada Region,…