Exhibit 99.1 Analog Devices Reports Fiscal Third Quarter 2025 Financial Results • Revenue of $2.88 billion, with double-digit year-over-year growth across all end markets • Operating cash flow of $4.2 billion and free cash flow of $3.7 billion on a trailing twelve-month basis or 40% and 35% of revenue, respectively • Returned $1.6 billion to shareholders during the third quarter via $0.5 billion in dividends and $1.1 billion in repurchases WILMINGTON, Mass.--August 20, 2025 --Analog Devices, Inc. (Nasdaq: ADI), a global semiconductor leader, today announced financial results for its fiscal third quarter 2025, which ended August 2, 2025. “Despite geopolitical challenges, ADI’s third-quarter revenue and earnings per share exceeded the high end of our expectations,” stated CEO and Chair Vincent Roche. “While tariffs and trade fluctuations are creating market uncertainty, the demand for ADI’s products remains robust. The company’s relentless focus on cutting-edge innovation positions us to capitalize on the growth of the intelligent physical edge. In addition, our diverse and resilient business model enables ADI to navigate various market conditions and consistently create long-term value for our shareholders.” CFO Richard Puccio added, “We closed the third quarter with continued backlog growth and healthy bookings trends, notably in the Industrial end market. Our favorable third quarter results and outlook for continued growth in the fourth quarter, position us well to finish fiscal 2025 from a position of strength.” Performance for the Third Quarter of Fiscal 2025 Results Summary (1) (in millions, except per-share amounts and percentages) Three Months Ended Aug. 2, 2025 Aug. 3, 2024 Change Revenue $ 2,880 $ 2,312 25 % Gross margin $ 1,790 $ 1,311 36 % Gross margin percentage 62.1 % 56.7 % 540 bps Operating income $ 818 $ 491 67 % Operating margin 28.4 % 21.2 % 720 bps Diluted earnings per share $ 1.04 $ 0.79 32 % Adjusted Results (2) Adjusted gross margin $ 1,995 $ 1,571 27 % Adjusted gross margin percentage 69.2 % 67.9 % 130 bps Adjusted operating income $ 1,215 $ 952 28 % Adjusted operating margin 42.2 % 41.2 % 100 bps Adjusted diluted earnings per share $ 2.05 $ 1.58 30 % Three Months Ended Trailing Twelve Months Cash Generation Aug. 2, 2025 Aug. 2, 2025 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 1,165 $ 4,162 % of revenue 40 % 40 % Capital expenditures $ (79) $ (484) Free cash flow (2) $ 1,086 $ 3,678 % of revenue 38 % 35 % Three Months Ended Trailing Twelve Months Cash Return Aug. 2, 2025 Aug. 2, 2025 Dividend paid $ (490) $ (1,894) Stock repurchases (1,075) (1,579) Total cash returned $ (1,565) $ (3,473) (1) The sum and/or computation of the individual amounts may not equal the total due to rounding. (2) Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are provided in the financial tables included in this press release. See also the “Non-GAAP Financial Information” section for additional information. Outlook for the Fourth Quarter of Fiscal Year 2025 For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025, we are forecasting revenue of $3.0 billion, +/- $100 million. At the midpoint of this revenue outlook, we expect reported operating margin of approximately 30.5%, +/-150 bps, and adjusted operating margin of approximately 43.5%, +/-100 bps. We are planning for reported EPS to be $1.53, +/-$0.10, and adjusted EPS to be $2.22, +/-$0.10. Our fourth quarter fiscal 2025 outlook is based on current expectations and actual results may differ materially as a result of, among other things, the important factors discussed at the end of this release. The statements about our fourth quarter fiscal 2025 outlook supersede all prior statements regarding our business outlook set forth in prior ADI news releases, and ADI disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. The adjusted results and adjusted anticipated results above are financial measures presented on a non-GAAP basis. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are provided in the financial tables included in this release. See also the “Non-GAAP Financial Information” section for additional information. Dividend Payment The ADI Board of Directors has declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.99 per outstanding share of common stock. The dividend will be paid on September 16, 2025 to all shareholders of record at the close of business on September 2, 2025. Conference Call Scheduled for Today, Wednesday, August 20, 2025 at 10:00 am ET ADI will host a conference call to discuss our third quarter fiscal 2025 results and short-term outlook today, beginning at 10:00 am ET. Investors may join via webcast, accessible at investor.analog.com. Non-GAAP Financial Information This release includes non-GAAP financial measures that are not in accordance with, nor an alternative to, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and may be different from non-GAAP measures presented by other companies. In addition, these non-GAAP measures are not based on any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles. These non-GAAP measures have material limitations in that they do not reflect all of the amounts associated with the Company’s results of operations as determined in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, the Company’s financial results presented in accordance with GAAP. The Company’s use of non-GAAP measures, and the underlying methodology when including or excluding certain items, is not necessarily an indication of the results of operations that may be expected in the future, or that the Company will not, in fact, record such items in future periods. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are provided in the financial tables included in this release. Management uses non-GAAP measures internally to evaluate the Company’s operating performance from continuing operations against past periods and to budget and allocate resources in future periods. These non-GAAP measures also assist management in evaluating the Company’s core business and trends across different reporting periods on a consistent basis. Management also uses these non-GAAP measures as primary performance measurements when communicating with analysts and investors regarding the Company’s earnings results and outlook and believes that the presentation of these non-GAAP measures is useful to investors because it provides investors with the operating results that management uses to manage the Company and enables investors and analysts to evaluate the Company’s core business. Management also believes that free cash flow, a non-GAAP liquidity measure, is useful both internally and to investors because it is indicative of the Company's ability to pay dividends, purchase common stock, make investments and fund acquisitions and, in the absence of refinancings, to repay its debt obligations. The non-GAAP financial measures referenced by ADI in this release include: adjusted gross margin, adjusted gross margin percentage, adjusted operating expenses, adjusted operating expenses percentage, adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, adjusted nonoperating expense (income), adjusted income before income taxes, adjusted provision for income taxes, adjusted tax rate, adjusted diluted earnings per share (EPS), free cash flow, and free cash flow revenue percentage. Adjusted gross margin is defined as gross margin, determined in accordance with GAAP, excluding certain acquisition related expenses 1 , which are described further below . Adjusted gross margin percentage represents adjusted gross margin divided by revenue. Adjusted operating expenses is defined as operating expenses, determined in accordance with GAAP, excluding: certain acquisition related expenses 1 and special charges, net 2 , which are described further below. Adjusted operating expenses percentage represents adjusted operating expenses divided by revenue. Adjusted operating income is defined as operating income, determined in accordance with GAAP, excluding: acquisition related expenses 1 and special charges, net 2 , which are described further below. Adjusted operating margin represents adjusted operating income divided by revenue. Adjusted nonoperating expense (income) is defined as nonoperating expense (income), determined in accordance with GAAP, excluding: certain acquisition related expenses 1 , which is described further below. Adjusted income before income taxes is defined as income before income taxes, determined in accordance with GAAP, excluding: acquisition related expenses 1 and s pecial charges, net 2 , which are described further below. Adjusted provision for income taxes is defined as provision for income taxes, determined in accordance with GAAP, excluding tax related items 3 , which are described further below. Adjusted tax rate represents adjusted provision for income taxes divided by adjusted income before income taxes. Adjusted diluted EPS is defined as diluted EPS, determined in accordance with GAAP, excluding: acquisition related expenses 1 , special charges, net 2 , and tax related items 3 , which are described further below. Free cash flow is defined as net cash provided by operating activities, determined in accordance with GAAP, less additions to property, plant and equipment, net. Free cash flow revenue percentage represents free cash flow divided by revenue. 1 Acquisition Related Expenses : Expenses incurred as a result of current and prior period acquisitions and primarily include expenses associated with the fair value adjustments to debt, property, plant and equipment and amortization of acquisition related intangibles, which include acquired intangibles such as purchased technology and customer relationships. Expenses also include fair value adjustments associated with the replacement of share-based awards related to the Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. (Maxim) acquisition. We excluded these costs from our non-GAAP measures because they relate to specific transactions and are not reflective of our ongoing financial performance. 2 Special Charges, Net : Expenses, net, incurred as part of the integration of Maxim, in connection with facility closures, consolidation of manufacturing facilities, severance, other accelerated stock-based compensation expense and other cost reduction efforts or reorganizational initiatives. We excluded these expenses from our non-GAAP measures because apart from ongoing expense savings as a result of such items, these expenses have no direct correlation to the operation of our business in the future. 3 Tax Related Items: Income tax effect of the non-GAAP items discussed above, deferred tax expense related to the remeasurement of GILTI-related deferred tax assets and liabilities attributable to the One Big Beautiful Bill Act and certain other income tax expenses associated with prior periods. We excluded the income tax effect of these tax related items from our non-GAAP measures because they are not associated with the tax expense on our current operating results. About Analog Devices, Inc. Analog Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ: ADI) is a global semiconductor leader that bridges the physical and digital worlds to enable breakthroughs at the Intelligent Edge. ADI combines analog, digital, and software technologies into solutions that help drive advancements in digitized factories, mobility, and digital healthcare, combat climate change, and reliably connect humans and the world. With revenue of more than $9 billion in FY24 and approximately 24,000 people globally, ADI ensures today’s innovators stay Ahead of What’s Possible. Learn more at www.analog.com and on LinkedIn and Twitter (X). Forward-Looking Statements This press release…