Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On April 27, 2023 , Gilead Sciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Gilead”), issued a press release announcing its financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2023. A copy of the press release is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. Gilead has presented certain financial information in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) and also on a non-GAAP basis. Management believes this non-GAAP information is useful for investors, when considered in conjunction with Gilead’s GAAP financial statements, because management uses such information internally for its operating, budgeting and financial planning purposes. Non-GAAP information is not prepared under a comprehensive set of accounting rules and should only be used to supplement an understanding of Gilead’s operating results as reported under GAAP. Non-GAAP measures may be defined and calculated differently by other companies in the same industry. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP financial information is provided in the tables on pages 9, 10 and 11 of the press release filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. The information in

Exhibit 99.1 to this report. Gilead has presented certain financial information in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) and also on a non-GAAP basis. Management believes this non-GAAP information is useful for investors, when considered in conjunction with Gilead’s GAAP financial statements, because management uses such information internally for its operating, budgeting and financial planning purposes. Non-GAAP information is not prepared under a comprehensive set of accounting rules and should only be used to supplement an understanding of Gilead’s operating results as reported under GAAP. Non-GAAP measures may be defined and calculated differently by other companies in the same industry. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP financial information is provided in the tables on pages 9, 10 and 11 of the press release filed as

Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. Section 9 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS