EXHIBIT 99.1 Document PRESS RELEASE AbbVie Reports Third-Quarter 2022 Financial Results • Reports Third-Quarter Diluted EPS of $2.21 on a GAAP Basis, an Increase of 24.2 Percent; Adjusted Diluted EPS of $3.66, an Increase of 29.3 Percent; These Results Include an Unfavorable Impact of $0.02 Per Share related to Acquired IPR&D and Milestones Expense 1 • Delivers Third-Quarter Net Revenues of $14.812 Billion, an Increase of 3.3 Percent on a Reported Basis and 5.4 Percent Operationally • Third-Quarter Global Net Revenues from the Immunology Portfolio Were $7.651 Billion, an Increase of 14.6 Percent on a Reported Basis, or 16.4 Percent on an Operational Basis; U.S. Humira Net Revenues Were $4.956 Billion, an Increase of 7.4 Percent; Internationally, Humira Net Revenues Were $603 Million, a Decrease of 25.9 Percent on a Reported Basis, or 16.8 Percent on an Operational Basis, Due to Biosimilar Competition; Global Skyrizi Net Revenues Were $1.397 Billion; Global Rinvoq Net Revenues Were $695 Million • Third-Quarter Global Net Revenues from the Hematologic Oncology Portfolio Were $1.650 Billion, a Decrease of 11.7 Percent on a Reported Basis, or 9.9 Percent on an Operational Basis; Global Imbruvica Net Revenues Were $1.135 Billion, a Decrease of 17.4 Percent , with U.S. Net Revenues of $849 Million and International Profit Sharing of $286 Million; Global Venclexta Net Revenues Were $515 Million • Third-Quarter Global Net Revenues from the Neuroscience Portfolio Were $1.672 Billion, an Increase of 6.7 Percent on a Reported Basis, or 8.3 Percent on an Operational Basis; Global Botox Therapeutic Net Revenues Were $699 Million; Vraylar Net Revenues Were $554 Million • Third-Quarter Global Net Revenues from the Aesthetics Portfolio Were $1.301 Billion, an Increase of 4.0 Percent on a Reported Basis, or 8.1 Percent on an Operational Basis; Global Botox Cosmetic Net Revenues Were $637 Million; Global Juvederm Net Revenues Were $352 Million • Confirms Midpoint of 2022 Adjusted Diluted EPS Guidance Range and Narrows Range from $13.76 - $13.96 to $13.84 - $13.88, which Includes an Unfavorable Impact of $0.25 Per Share Related to Acquired IPR&D and Milestones Expense Incurred Year-To-Date Through the Third Quarter 2022 • Announces 2023 Dividend Increase of 5.0 Percent, Beginning with Dividend Payable in February 2023 NORTH CHICAGO, Ill., October 28, 2022 – AbbVie (NYSE:ABBV) announced financial results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2022. "We continue to see strong momentum from our key immunology assets, Skyrizi and Rinvoq, and this performance – combined with strength from other growth drivers within our diverse portfolio – has mitigated the impact of temporary economic headwinds on our aesthetics products to deliver another quarter of strong results,” said Richard A. Gonzalez, chairman and chief executive officer, AbbVie. “Based upon our performance and confidence in AbbVie’s long-term outlook, we are once again meaningfully raising our dividend." Note: "Operational" comparisons are presented at constant currency rates that reflect comparative local currency net revenues at the prior year's foreign exchange rates. 1 Beginning in the first quarter 2022, AbbVie includes the impact of upfront and milestone payments related to collaborations, licensing agreements and other asset acquisitions in its reported non-GAAP financial measures. 1 Third-Quarter Results • Worldwide net revenues were $14.812 billion, an increase of 3.3 percent on a GAAP basis, or 5.4 percent on an operational basis. • Global net revenues from the immunology portfolio were $7.651 billion, an increase of 14.6 percent on a reported basis, or 16.4 percent on an operational basis. ◦ Global Humira net revenues of $5.559 billion increased 2.5 percent on a reported basis, or 3.9 percent on an operational basis. U.S. Humira net revenues were $4.956 billion, an increase of 7.4 percent. Internationally, Humira net revenues were $603 million, a decrease of 25.9 percent on a reported basis, or 16.8 percent on an operational basis, due to biosimilar competition. ◦ Global Skyrizi net revenues were $1.397 billion, an increase of 75.4 percent on a reported basis, or 78.3 percent on an operational basis. ◦ Global Rinvoq net revenues were $695 million, an increase of 53.5 percent on a reported basis, or 59.3 percent on an operational basis. • Global net revenues from the hematologic oncology portfolio were $1.650 billion, a decrease of 11.7 percent on a reported basis, or 9.9 percent on an operational basis. ◦ Global Imbruvica net revenues were $1.135 billion, a decrease of 17.4 percent, with U.S. net revenues of $849 million and international profit sharing of $286 million. ◦ Global Venclexta net revenues were $515 million, an increase of 4.5 percent on a reported basis, or 11.3 percent on an operational basis. • Global net revenues from the neuroscience portfolio were $1.672 billion, an increase of 6.7 percent on a reported basis, or 8.3 percent on an operational basis. ◦ Global Botox Therapeutic net revenues were $699 million, an increase of 8.2 percent on a reported basis, or 10.0 percent on an operational basis. ◦ Vraylar net revenues were $554 million, an increase of 20.2 percent. ◦ Global Ubrelvy net revenues were $160 million. • Global net revenues from the aesthetics portfolio were $1.301 billion, an increase of 4.0 percent on a reported basis, or 8.1 percent on an operational basis. ◦ Global Botox Cosmetic net revenues were $637 million, an increase of 16.9 percent on a reported basis, or 21.6 percent on an operational basis. ◦ Global Juvederm net revenues were $352 million, a decrease of 0.6 percent on a reported basis, or an increase of 5.3 percent on an operational basis. • On a GAAP basis, the gross margin ratio in the third quarter was 66.1 percent. The adjusted gross margin ratio was 85.4 percent. • On a GAAP basis, selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expense was 22.3 percent of net revenues. The adjusted SG&A expense was 20.9 percent of net revenues. • On a GAAP basis, research and development (R&D) expense was 10.9 percent of net revenues. The adjusted R&D expense was 10.8 percent of net revenues. • Acquired IPR&D and milestones expense was 0.3 percent of net revenues. • On a GAAP basis, the operating margin in the third quarter was 31.1 percent. The adjusted operating margin was 53.4 percent. • Net interest expense was $497 million. • On a GAAP basis, the tax rate in the quarter was 10.2 percent. The adjusted tax rate was 12.9 percent. • Diluted EPS in the third quarter was $2.21 on a GAAP basis. Adjusted diluted EPS, excluding specified items, was $3.66. These results include an unfavorable impact of $0.02 per share related to acquired IPR&D and milestones expense. Note: "Operational" comparisons are presented at constant currency rates that reflect comparative local currency net revenues at the prior year's foreign exchange rates. 2 Recent Events • AbbVie announced the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Rinvoq (upadacitinib, 15 mg, once daily) for the treatment of adults with active non-radiographic axial spondyloarthritis (nr-axSpA) with objective signs of inflammation who have had an inadequate response or intolerance to tumor necrosis factor (TNF) blocker therapy. The approval is supported by data from the SELECT-AXIS 2 clinical trial, in which Rinvoq delivered rapid and meaningful disease control as well as significant improvement in signs and symptoms of nr-axSpA. This approval marks the sixth FDA approved indication for Rinvoq in chronic immune-mediated diseases. • AbbVie announced the European Medicines Agency's (EMA) Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) recommended the approval of Skyrizi (risankizumab) for the treatment of adults with moderately to severely active Crohn’s disease (CD) who have had inadequate response, lost response or were intolerant to conventional or biologic therapy. The positive opinion is based on results from three Phase 3 studies in which Skyrizi demonstrated significant improvements in clinical remission and endoscopic response, compared to placebo, as both induction and maintenance therapy. If the CHMP recommendation is accepted by the European Commission (EC), this would mark the third indication for Skyrizi in the European Union. Skyrizi is part of a collaboration between Boehringer Ingelheim and AbbVie, with AbbVie leading development and commercialization globally. • At the United European Gastroenterology (UEG) Week 2022, AbbVie shared 17 abstracts, including seven oral presentations, from a broad range of studies in inflammatory bowel disease (IBD). Highlights included final analyses from the U-ACHIEVE Phase 3 maintenance study of Rinvoq in moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis (UC), data from the U-EXCEL Phase 3 study evaluating the efficacy and safety of Rinvoq as induction therapy for use in adults with moderately to severely active CD as well as data evaluating Skyrizi for use in patients with moderate to severe CD. • At the American College of Gastroenterology (ACG) Annual Scientific Meeting, AbbVie presented 26 abstracts that illustrate AbbVie's commitment to providing research and innovative solutions that support patients with high disease burden and unmet need. Key presentations focused on the treatment of moderate to severe CD, including late-breaking Phase 3 data from the Rinvoq 52 week maintenance trial, as well as efficacy and safety outcomes from the Skyrizi pivotal clinical program. • At the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology (EADV) Congress, AbbVie presented 23 abstracts from across its dermatology portfolio that underscore AbbVie's commitment to advancing research in dermatology for people living with immune-mediated skin diseases such as psoriasis (PsO), psoriatic arthritis (PsA), atopic dermatitis (AD) and vitiligo. Presentations included long-term efficacy and safety results, including real-world data, from studies of Skyrizi in moderate to severe PsO and active PsA as well as data from the largest-of-its-kind study that demonstrate the real-world burden of AD. • AbbVie announced that the FDA approved the use of Imbruvica (ibrutinib) for the treatment of pediatric patients one year and older with chronic graft versus host disease (cGVHD) after failure of one or more lines of systemic therapy. The approval marks the first approved treatment option for children with cGVHD under 12 years of age and the only Bruton's tyrosine kinase inhibitor (BTKi) treatment for a pediatric patient population. Imbruvica is jointly developed and commercialized with Janssen Biotech, Inc. • At the International Parkinson and Movement Disorder Society’s (MDS) International Congress, AbbVie presented 13 abstracts across multiple disease states that highlighted AbbVie’s continued commitment to advancing the management of movement disorders. Highlights included results from the Phase 3 M15-736 trial evaluating the continuous subcutaneous infusion of ABBV-951 (foslevodopa/foscarbidopa) in people with advanced Parkinson’s disease (PD) as well as data on the real-world efficacy of Botox (onabotulinumtoxinA) for the treatment of spasticity and treatment of cervical dystonia. 3 Recent Events (Continued) • At the Migraine Trust International Symposium (MTIS), AbbVie shared 13 abstracts, including 4 oral presentations, from a wide range of studies across its migraine portfolio that underscore AbbVie’s leadership and commitment to people living with migraine. Highlights included Phase 3 PROGRESS study results evaluating Qulipta (atogepant) for the preventive treatment of chronic migraine as well as data from studies evaluating Botox and Ubrelvy (ubrogepant) in the treatment of migraine. • Allergan Aesthetics announced that the FDA approved Juvederm Volux XC for the improvement of jawline definition in adults over the age of 21 with moderate to severe loss of jawline definition. Juvederm Volux XC is the first and only…