EXHIBIT 99.1 Exhibit News Release The Procter & Gamble Company One P&G Plaza Cincinnati, OH 45202 P&G ANNOUNCES FISCAL YEAR 2019 THIRD QUARTER RESULTS Net Sales +1% vs. YA; Organic Sales +5%; Diluted Net EPS $1.04, +9% vs. YA; Core EPS $1.06, +6%; Currency-Neutral Core EPS +15% Raises Guidance for Sales Growth and Adjusted Free Cash Flow Productivity CINCINNATI, April 23, 2019 - The Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) reported third quarter fiscal year 2019 net sales of $16.5 billion, an increase of one percent versus the prior year. Excluding the impacts of foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures, organic sales increased five percent. Diluted net earnings per share were $1.04, up nine percent versus the prior year. Core earnings per share increased six percent to $1.06. Currency-neutral core EPS increased 15% versus the prior year. Operating cash flow was $3.5 billion for the quarter. Free cash flow productivity was 100%. The Company returned $3.1 billion of cash to shareholders via $1.9 billion of dividend payments and approximately $1.3 billion of common stock repurchases. Over the last 10 years, P&G has returned approximately $67 billion to shareholders in cash dividends. Earlier this month, P&G announced a four percent increase in the quarterly dividend, marking the 63 rd consecutive year the Company has increased its dividend. P&G has been paying a dividend for 129 consecutive years, since its incorporation in 1890. “We delivered another quarter of strong organic sales growth, enabling us to further increase our outlook for the year,” said David Taylor, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. “Cash generation also remains strong, supporting an increase in our cash productivity target and extending our long track record of dividend increases. Our focus on superiority, productivity and improving P&G’s organization and culture is delivering improved results despite a challenging competitive and macroeconomic environment.” January - March Quarter Discussion Net sales in the third quarter of fiscal year 2019 were $16.5 billion, up one percent versus the prior year. Unfavorable foreign exchange was a five percent hurt to sales for the quarter. Excluding the impacts of foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures, organic sales increased five percent driven by a two percent increase in organic shipment volume. Pricing added two percentage points to organic sales. Positive mix impact was a one percent help to organic sales due to strong growth in developed markets and disproportionate growth of premium priced products, such as SK-II and Tide Pods. January - March 2019 Volume Foreign Exchange Price Mix Other (2) Net Sales Organic Volume Organic Sales Net Sales Drivers (1) Beauty 3% (5)% 2% 4% —% 4% 3% 9% Grooming (3)% (7)% 2% —% —% (8)% (3)% (1)% Health Care 7% (4)% 2% 1% 3% 9% 2% 5% Fabric & Home Care 5% (4)% 1% 1% (1)% 2% 5% 7% Baby, Feminine & Family Care —% (4)% 3% (1)% —% (2)% —% 2% Total P&G 3% (5)% 2% 1% —% 1% 2% 5% (1) Net sales percentage changes are approximations based on quantitative formulas that are consistently appl ied. (2) Other includes the sales mix impact from acquisitions and divestitures, the impact from the July 1, 2018 adoption of new accounting standards for "Revenue from Contracts with Customers" and rounding impacts necessary to reconcile volume to net sales. • Beauty segment organic sales increased nine percent versus year ago. Skin and Personal Care organic sales increased mid-teens driven by premium innovation, positive product mix from the disproportionate growth of super-premium SK-II brand and increased pricing. Hair Care organic sales increased mid-single digits with strong growth in developed and developing regions and increased pricing. • Grooming segment organic sales decreased one percent. Shave Care organic sales were in-line with prior year levels as positive geographic mix help from the growth of developed regions and the benefit of devaluation-driven price increases were offset by related unit volume declines. Appliances organic sales decreased mid-single digits due to negative mix impacts from the disproportionate growth of mid-tier products. • Health Care segment organic sales increased five percent. Oral Care organic sales increased mid-single digits driven by strong volume growth and positive sales mix in developed markets driven by premium toothpaste and toothbrush innovations. Personal Health Care organic sales increased mid-single digits primarily due to devaluation and innovation related price increases. Personal Health Care all-in sales increased double digits due to the addition of the Merck OTC business. • Fabric and Home Care segment organic sales increased seven percent for the quarter. Fabric Care organic sales increased mid-single digits driven by innovation, increased pricing and positive mix due to the disproportionate growth of premium products. Home Care organic sales increased high single digits driven by innovation, positive mix due to the disproportionate growth of premium products and increased pricing. • Baby, Feminine and Family Care segment organic sales increased two percent versus year ago. Baby Care organic sales decreased low single digits due to competitive activity and market contraction, partially offset by increased pricing and positive mix from the disproportionate growth of premium products. Feminine Care organic sales increased high single digits driven by innovation, positive product mix due to the disproportionate growth of premium products and devaluation-related price increases. Family Care organic sales increased mid-single digits due to innovation and increased pricing, partially offset by negative mix impact from the disproportionate growth of large sizes and club and dollar channels. Diluted net earnings per share were $1.04, a nine percent increase versus the prior year. Core earnings per share were $1.06, a six percent increase versus the prior year, driven primarily by the increase in net sales and a lower effective tax rate. These benefits were partially offset by a reduction in operating margin due primarily to negative currency and commodity cost impacts. Currency-neutral core earnings per share increased 15% for the quarter. Reported gross margin increased 30 basis points, including 30 basis points of lower non-core restructuring charges versus the prior year. Core gross margin was unchanged versus the prior year, including 60 basis points of negative foreign exchange impacts. On a currency-neutral basis, core gross margin increased 60 basis points driven by 160 basis points of productivity savings and 80 basis points of pricing benefit, partially offset by 70 basis points of commodity cost increases, 30 basis points of innovation reinvestments and 80 basis points of unfavorable product mix and other impacts. Selling, general and administrative expense (SG&A) as a percentage of sales increased 40 basis points on a reported basis versus the prior year, including a 30 basis-point help from a year-on-year decrease in non-core restructuring charges. Core SG&A as a percentage of sales increased 70 basis points versus the prior year, including 40 basis points of negative foreign exchange impacts. On a currency-neutral basis, core SG&A as a percentage of sales increased 30 basis points as 110 basis points of sales leverage benefit and 100 basis points of savings from overhead and marketing expenses were more than offset by 100 basis points of marketing reinvestments and 140 basis points of inflation and other impacts, including integration and overhead costs for the Merck consumer healthcare acquisition. Operating profit margin decreased 10 basis points versus the base period on a reported basis including approximately 60 basis points help from lower non-core restructuring charges. Core operating margin decreased 60 basis points including 100 basis points of negative foreign exchange impacts. On a currency-neutral basis, core operating margin increased 40 basis points including total productivity cost savings of 260 basis points for the quarter. Fiscal Year 2019 Guidance The Company now estimates fiscal 2019 all-in sales growth in the range of in-line to up one percent versus the prior fiscal year, which includes a negative impact of three to four percentage points from the combination of negative foreign exchange and a modest positive impact from acquisitions and divestitures. P&G increased its guidance for organic sales growth from a range of two to four percent to a solid four percent for fiscal 2019. The Company maintained its guidance ranges on the bottom line. On an all-in GAAP basis, diluted net earnings per share are expected to increase seventeen to twenty-four percent versus the prior year. Core earnings per share are expected to increase three to eight percent versus fiscal 2018 Core EPS of $4.22. This outlook includes an estimated $1.4 billion after-tax headwind from foreign exchange and higher commodity and transportation costs. The Company is not able to reconcile its forward looking non-GAAP cash flow measure without unreasonable efforts because the Company cannot predict the timing and amounts of discrete cash items, such as acquisitions, divestitures, or impairments, which could significantly impact GAAP results. P&G increased its outlook for adjusted free cash flow productivity from over 90% to at least 100% for fiscal 2019. P&G expects to pay over $7 billion in dividends and repurchase approximately $5 billion of common shares in fiscal 2019. Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this release or presentation, other than purely historical information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives, and expected operating results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words “believe,” “project,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “intend,” “strategy,” “future,” “opportunity,” “plan,” “may,” “should,” “will,” “would,” “will be,” “will continue,” “will likely result,” and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events or otherwise. Risks and uncertainties to which our forward-looking statements are subject include, without limitation: (1) the ability to successfully manage global financial risks, including foreign currency fluctuations, currency exchange or pricing controls and localized volatility; (2) the ability to successfully manage local, regional or global economic volatility, including reduced market growth rates, and to generate sufficient income and cash flow to allow the Company to affect the expected share repurchases and dividend payments; (3) the ability to manage disruptions in credit markets or changes to our credit rating; (4) the ability to maintain key manufacturing and supply arrangements (including execution of supply chain optimizations and sole supplier and sole manufacturing plant arrangements) and to manage disruption of business due to factors outside of our control, such as natural disasters and acts of war or terrorism; (5) the ability to successfully manage cost fluctuations and pressures, including prices of commodities and raw materials, and costs of labor, transportation, energy, pension and healthcare; (6) the ability to stay on the leading edge of innovation, obtain necessary intellectual property protections and successfully respond to…