Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On November 14, 2019 , NVIDIA Corporation, or the Company, issued a press release announcing its results for the quarter ended October 27, 2019 . The press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. Attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and incorporated by reference herein is financial information and commentary by Colette M. Kress, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, regarding results of the quarter ended October 27, 2019 , or the CFO Commentary. The CFO Commentary will be posted to http://investor.nvidia.com immediately after the filing of this Current Report. The press release and CFO Commentary are furnished and shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or subject to the liabilities of that Section or Sections 11 and 12(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The information in this Current Report shall not be incorporated by reference in any filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission made by the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.

Exhibit 99.2 and incorporated by reference herein is financial information and commentary by Colette M. Kress, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, regarding results of the quarter ended October 27, 2019 , or the CFO Commentary. The CFO Commentary will be posted to http://investor.nvidia.com immediately after the filing of this Current Report. The press release and CFO Commentary are furnished and shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or subject to the liabilities of that Section or Sections 11 and 12(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The information in this Current Report shall not be incorporated by reference in any filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission made by the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.