Item 2.02. Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On January 9, 2023, at the 41st Annual J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference, Leonard S. Schleifer, M.D., Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“ Regeneron ” or the “ Company ”), and George D. Yancopoulos, M.D., Ph.D., President and Chief Scientific Officer of Regeneron, are providing a corporate update. The presentation includes information regarding the Company’s preliminary (unaudited) U.S. net product sales of EYLEA ® (aflibercept) Injection of approximately $6.26 billion for the full year 2022 (based on preliminary (unaudited) fourth quarter 2022 U.S. net product sales of EYLEA of approximately $1.50 billion). With respect to the preliminary (unaudited) fourth quarter 2022 U.S. net product sales of EYLEA, the presentation further notes the following: · Negatively impacted by a short-term shift to off-label use of compounded Avastin ® (bevacizumab) · Temporary closing in Q4 2022 of fund that provides patient co-pay assistance · Most recent Q4 2022 market data suggests that shift to off-label Avastin is already beginning to reverse The presentation also includes information regarding the Company’s current expectation that its financial results calculated in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“ GAAP ”) and its non-GAAP financial results for the fourth quarter 2022 and full year 2022 will include an acquired in-process research and development (“ IPR&D ”) charge of approximately $30 million relating to an up-front payment in connection with the Company’s previously announced collaboration and licensing agreement with CytomX Therapeutics, Inc. This acquired IPR&D charge is expected to negatively impact each of GAAP and non-GAAP net income per diluted share for the fourth quarter 2022 by approximately $0.21. Regeneron’s results for the fourth quarter and full year 2022 have not been finalized and are subject to Regeneron’s financial statement closing procedures. There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ from the preliminary (unaudited) estimates described herein.