Exhibit 99.1 PRESS RELEASE INVESTOR CONTACT : Lisa L. Ewbank Synopsys, Inc. 650-584-1901 Synopsys-ir@synopsys.com EDITORIAL CONTACT : Simone Souza Synopsys, Inc. 650-584-6454 simone@synopsys.com Synopsys Posts Financial Results for Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Q3 2019 Financial Highlights • Revenue: $853.0 million • GAAP earnings per share: $0.65 • Non-GAAP earnings per share: $1.18 MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. – Aug. 21, 2019 – Synopsys, Inc. (Nasdaq: SNPS) today reported results for its third quarter of fiscal year 2019. Revenue was $853.0 million, compared to $779.7 million for the third quarter of fiscal year 2018, an increase of 9.4 percent. “Synopsys continues to execute very well and delivered excellent third fiscal quarter revenue, operating margin, non-GAAP earnings and cash flow. In Q3, we also implemented a $100 million share repurchase, bringing our total for the year to $229 million,” said Aart de Geus, chairman and co-CEO of Synopsys. “Despite the uncertain geopolitical and economic backdrop, global design activity and customer engagements are thriving. Our product platforms are the strongest they’ve ever been, driving technology wins and competitive displacements. As a result of our year-to-date overachievement and broad-based strength across the business, we’re raising our annual guidance ranges.” GAAP Results On a generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) basis, net income for the third quarter of fiscal 2019 was $99.9 million, or $0.65 per share, compared to $79.4 million, or $0.52 per share, for the third quarter of fiscal 2018. 1 Non-GAAP Results For the third quarter of fiscal 2019, on a non-GAAP basis, net income was $182.5 million, or $1.18 per share, compared to non-GAAP net income of $145.6 million, or $0.95 per share, for the third quarter of fiscal 2018. For a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results, see “GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation” and the accompanying tables below. Business Segments Effective in fiscal year 2019, Synopsys reports revenue and operating income in two segments: (1) Semiconductor & System Design, which includes EDA tools, IP products, system integration solutions and associated services, and (2) Software Integrity, which includes security and quality solutions for software development across many industries. Further information regarding these segments is provided at the end of this press release. Financial Targets Synopsys also provides its consolidated financial targets for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2019, which do not include any impact of future acquisition-related activities or costs. These financial targets reflect the current status of certain customers currently on the U.S. government’s “Entity List,” and do not assume any revenue in the fourth fiscal quarter from such customers. These targets constitute forward-looking statements and are based on current expectations. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these targets, see “Forward-Looking Statements” below. 2 Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2019 Financial Targets – ASC 606 (in millions except per share amounts) Q4’19 FY’19 Low High Low High Revenue (2) $ 830 $ 860 $ 3,340 $ 3,370 GAAP Expenses $ 701 $ 733 $ 2,820 $ 2,852 Non-GAAP Expenses $ 630 $ 650 $ 2,512 $ 2,532 Other Income (expense) $ (2 ) $ — $ (4 ) $ (2 ) Normalized Annual Tax Rate (1) 16 % 16 % 16 % 16 % Outstanding Shares (fully diluted) 153 156 153 156 GAAP EPS $ 0.69 $ 0.82 $ 3.11 $ 3.24 Non-GAAP EPS $ 1.10 $ 1.15 $ 4.52 $ 4.57 Operating Cash Flow ~$ 750 (1) Applied in non-GAAP net income calculations (2) We operate and plan the business under current ASC 606 rules and regulations. In previous quarters, we provided a set of FY19 comparative metrics based on the former ASC 605 rules. However, our estimates of what revenue would have been under the previous rules have become increasingly inconsistent with, and therefore do not reflect, the underlying fundamentals of the business. Nevertheless, we estimate that FY19 target revenue using the previous ASC 605 would be approximately $80 million less than our actual target range under the current ASC 606. Given the lack of relevance, we no longer provide detailed comparative metrics. Earnings Call Open to Investors Synopsys will hold a conference call for financial analysts and investors today at 2:00 p.m. Pacific Time. A live webcast of the call will be available on Synopsys’ corporate website at www.synopsys.com. A recording of the call will be available by calling +1-800-475-6701 (+1-320-365-3844 for international callers), access code 470604, beginning at 4:00 p.m. Pacific Time today, until 11:59 p.m. Pacific Time on Aug. 28, 2019. A webcast replay will also be available on the website from approximately 5:30 p.m. Pacific Time today through the time Synopsys announces its results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2019 in December 2019. Synopsys will post copies of the prepared remarks of Aart de Geus, chairman and co-chief executive officer, and Trac Pham, chief financial officer, on its website following today’s call. In addition, Synopsys makes additional information available in a financial supplement and corporate overview presentation, also posted on the corporate website. Effectiveness of Information The targets included in this press release, the statements made during the earnings conference call and the information contained in the financial supplement and corporate overview presentation (available in the Investor Relations section of Synopsys’ corporate website at 3 www.synopsys.com) represent Synopsys’ expectations and beliefs as of the date of this release only. Although this press release, copies of the prepared remarks of the co-chief executive officer and chief financial officer made during the call, the financial supplement, and the corporate overview presentation will remain available on Synopsys’ website through the date of the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2019 earnings call in December 2019, their continued availability through such date does not mean that Synopsys is reaffirming or confirming their continued validity. Synopsys does not currently intend to report on its progress during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2019 or comment to analysts or investors on, or otherwise update, the targets given in this release. Availability of Final Financial Statements Synopsys will include final financial statements for the third quarter of fiscal year 2019 in its quarterly report on Form 10-Q to be filed by Sept. 12, 2019. About Synopsys Synopsys, Inc. (Nasdaq: SNPS) is the Silicon to Software™ partner for innovative companies developing the electronic products and software applications we rely on every day. As the world’s 15th largest software company, Synopsys has a long history of being a global leader in electronic design automation (EDA) and semiconductor IP and is also growing its leadership in software security and quality solutions. Whether you’re a system-on-chip (SoC) designer creating advanced semiconductors, or a software developer writing applications that require the highest security and quality, Synopsys has the solutions needed to deliver innovative, high-quality, secure products. Learn more at www.synopsys.com . GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation Synopsys continues to provide all information required in accordance with GAAP but believes evaluating its ongoing operating results may not be as useful if an investor is limited to reviewing only GAAP financial measures. Accordingly, Synopsys presents non-GAAP financial measures in reporting its financial results to provide investors with an additional tool to evaluate Synopsys’ operating results in a manner that focuses on what Synopsys believes to be its core business operations and what Synopsys uses to evaluate its business operations and for internal planning and forecasting purposes. Synopsys’ management does not itself, nor does it suggest that investors should, consider such non-GAAP financial measures in isolation from, or as a 4 substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. Synopsys’ management believes it is useful for itself and investors to review, as applicable, both GAAP information that includes: (i) the amortization of acquired intangible assets, (ii) the impact of stock compensation, (iii) acquisition-related costs, (iv) restructuring charges, (v) the effects of certain settlements, final judgments and loss contingencies related to legal proceedings, (vi) the various income tax impacts prompted by the Tax Cut and Jobs Act of 2017 enacted on December 22, 2017 (“U.S. Tax Reform”), including the income tax related to transition tax and the tax rate change, and (vii) the income tax effect of non-GAAP pre-tax adjustments; and the non-GAAP measures that exclude such information in order to assess the performance of Synopsys’ business and for planning and forecasting in subsequent periods. Synopsys utilizes a normalized annual non-GAAP tax rate in the calculation of its non-GAAP measures to provide better consistency across interim reporting periods by eliminating the effects of non-recurring and period-specific items such as tax audit settlements, which can vary in size and frequency and not necessarily reflect our normal operations, and to more clearly align our tax rate with our expected geographic earnings mix. In projecting this rate, we evaluate our historical and projected mix of U.S. and international profit before tax, excluding the impact of stock-based compensation, the amortization of purchased intangibles and other non-GAAP adjustments described above. We also consider other factors including our current tax structure, our existing tax positions, and expected recurring tax incentives, such as the U.S. federal research and development tax credit. On an annual basis we re-evaluate this rate for significant events that may materially affect our projections. We expect our annual non-GAAP tax rate to be 16% in fiscal 2019 based upon our projected normalized non-GAAP annual tax rate through fiscal 2021. We will re-evaluate this rate on an annual basis, but further regulatory guidance regarding specific parts of U.S. Tax Reform could materially change our projections. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we excluded from the normalized annual non-GAAP tax rate unusual and infrequent events, such as tax audit settlements and certain impacts of U.S. Tax Reform in fiscal 2018. Whenever Synopsys uses a non-GAAP financial measure, it provides a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the most closely applicable GAAP financial measure. Investors are encouraged to review the related GAAP financial measures and the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure as detailed 5 below, as well as

Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On August 21, 2019, Synopsys, Inc. (“ Synopsys ”) issued a press release announcing the financial results of its third fiscal quarter ended July 31, 2019. A copy of this press release is furnished and attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. The information in this Current Report, including the exhibit hereto, shall not be deemed to be “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section or Sections 11 and 12(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The information contained herein and in the accompanying exhibit shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Synopsys whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. The attached press release includes measures that are not in accordance with, or an…