Item 2.02 of this Current Report shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. On February 3, 2021, PayPal Holdings, Inc. (the "Company") issued a press release announcing its financial results for the quarter and full year ended December 31, 2020. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 hereto and is incorporated by reference herein. In addition, beginning with the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company has reclassified certain cash flows related to customer balances from (i) cash flows from operating activities to (ii) cash flows from investing activities or financing activities within the consolidated statements of cash flows. Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. These changes have no impact on our previously reported consolidated net income, financial position, net change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, or total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash as reported on our consolidated statements of cash flows. The revised presentation classifies all changes in “funds receivable and customer accounts” and “funds payable and amounts due to customers” consistently on our consolidated statements of cash flows as cash flows from investing activities or financing activities, respectively, regardless of the product to which the movement in customer funds relates. The revised presentation provides a more meaningful representation of the cash flows related to the movement of customer funds due to the restrictions on and use of these funds. Please reference the press release furnished as Exhibit 99.1 hereto for further details of reclassified amounts for the first three quarters of 2020 and the four quarters of 2019 and 2018, and the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018.

Exhibit 99.1 hereto and is incorporated by reference herein. In addition, beginning with the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company has reclassified certain cash flows related to customer balances from (i) cash flows from operating activities to (ii) cash flows from investing activities or financing activities within the consolidated statements of cash flows. Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. These changes have no impact on our previously reported consolidated net income, financial position, net change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, or total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash as reported on our consolidated statements of cash flows. The revised presentation classifies all changes in “funds receivable and customer accounts” and “funds payable and amounts due to customers” consistently on our consolidated statements of cash flows as cash flows from investing activities or financing activities, respectively, regardless of the product to which the movement in customer funds relates. The revised presentation provides a more meaningful representation of the cash flows related to the movement of customer funds due to the restrictions on and use of these funds. Please reference the press release furnished as