Exhibit 99 UTC REPORTS SECOND QUARTER 2017 RESULTS • Raises outlook for 2017 sales and low end of adjusted EPS and organic sales growth • Sales of $15.3 billion, up 3 percent versus prior year including 3 percent organic sales growth • GAAP EPS of $1.80, up 5 percent versus prior year • Adjusted EPS of $1.85, up 2 percent versus prior year • Cash flow from operations of $2.1 billion, 149 percent of net income • Free cash flow attributable to net income of 118 percent FARMINGTON, CT, July 25, 2017 - United Technologies Corp. (NYSE:UTX) today reported second quarter 2017 results. All results in this release reflect continuing operations unless otherwise noted. “United Technologies delivered another quarter of strong results with sales up 3 percent including 3 percent organic sales growth and robust cash flow,” said UTC Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Gregory Hayes. “Our performance is in-line with our expectations as we continue to execute on our strategic priorities, including growing the business through our investments in innovative products and services, delivering on our aerospace backlog, and achieving our cost reduction goals, while maintaining a disciplined approach to capital allocation.” “Based on our solid year-to-date performance and outlook for the remainder of 2017, we are raising the low end of our full-year adjusted EPS outlook range by 15 cents. We now expect adjusted EPS of $6.45 to $6.60.* Additionally, we are raising our sales outlook to a range of $58.5 to $59.5 billion. This reflects organic growth expectations of 3 to 4 percent versus our prior expectation of 2 to 4 percent.* We remain confident that our portfolio of global industry leading franchises is well positioned and will continue to create long-term sustainable shareowner value.” Second quarter GAAP EPS of $1.80 was up 9 cents (5 percent) versus the prior year and included 5 cents of restructuring. Adjusted EPS of $1.85 was up 2 percent. Sales of $15.3 billion were up 3 percent, driven by 3 points of organic growth and 1 point of net acquisition growth, partially offset by 1 point of adverse foreign exchange. Net income for the quarter was $1.4 billion, up 1 percent versus the prior year. Cash flow from operations for the quarter was $2.1 billion (149 percent of net income attributable to common shareholders) and capital expenditures were $446 million. Free cash flow of $1.7 billion in the quarter was 118 percent of net income attributable to common shareowners. In the quarter, new equipment orders at Otis were flat versus the prior year and increased by 11 percent organically at UTC Climate, Controls & Security, each at constant currency. Commercial aftermarket sales were up 4 percent at Pratt & Whitney and were up 7 percent at UTC Aerospace Systems. UTC updates its 2017 outlook and now anticipates: • Adjusted EPS of $6.45 to $6.60, up from $6.30 to $6.60*; • Sales of $58.5 billion to $59.5 billion, up from $57.5 billion to $59 billion (up 2 to 4 percent, including organic sales growth of 3 to 4 percent*); • There is no change in the Company’s previously provided 2017 expectations for free cash flow, share repurchases, or the placeholder for acquisitions. *Note: When we provide expectations for adjusted EPS, organic sales and free cash flow on a forward-looking basis, a reconciliation of the differences between the non-GAAP expectations and the corresponding GAAP measures generally is not available without unreasonable effort. See “Use and Definitions of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” below for additional information. United Technologies Corp., based in Farmington, Connecticut, provides high technology products and services to the building and aerospace industries. By combining a passion for science with precision engineering, the company is creating smart, sustainable solutions the world needs. Additional information, including a webcast, is available at www.utc.com or http://edge.media-server.com/m/p/79sxfkwf , or to listen to the earnings call by phone, dial (877) 280-7280 between 8:10 a.m. and 8:30 a.m. ET. To learn more about UTC, visit the website or follow the company on Twitter: @UTC Use and Definitions of Non-GAAP Financial Measures United Technologies Corporation reports its financial results in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP"). We supplement the reporting of our financial information determined under GAAP with certain non-GAAP financial information. The non-GAAP information presented provides investors with additional useful information, but should not be considered in isolation or as substitutes for the related GAAP measures. Moreover, other companies may define non-GAAP measures differently, which limits the usefulness of these measures for comparisons with such other companies. We encourage investors to review our financial statements and publicly-filed reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure. Adjusted net sales, organic sales, adjusted operating profit, adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share (“EPS”) are non-GAAP financial measures. Adjusted net sales represents consolidated net sales from continuing operations (a GAAP measure), excluding significant items of a non-recurring and/or nonoperational nature (hereinafter referred to as “other significant items”). Organic sales represents consolidated net sales (a GAAP measure), excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, acquisitions and divestitures completed in the preceding twelve months and other significant items. Adjusted operating profit represents income from continuing operations (a GAAP measure), excluding restructuring costs and other significant items. Adjusted net income represents net income from continuing operations (a GAAP measure), excluding restructuring costs and other significant items. Adjusted diluted EPS represents diluted earnings per share from continuing operations (a GAAP measure), excluding restructuring costs and other significant items. For the business segments, when applicable, adjustments of net sales, operating profit and margins similarly reflect continuing operations, excluding restructuring and other significant items. Management believes that the non-GAAP measures just mentioned are useful in providing period-to-period comparisons of the results of the Company’s ongoing operational performance. Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure that represents cash flow from operations (a GAAP measure) less capital expenditures. Management believes free cash flow is a useful measure of liquidity and an additional basis for assessing UTC's ability to fund its activities, including the financing of acquisitions, debt service, repurchases of UTC's common stock and distribution of earnings to shareholders. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to the corresponding amounts prepared in accordance with GAAP appears in the tables in this Appendix. The tables provide additional information as to the items and amounts that have been excluded from the adjusted measures. When we provide our expectation for adjusted EPS, organic sales and free cash flow on a forward-looking basis, a reconciliation of the differences between the non-GAAP expectations and the corresponding GAAP measures (expected diluted EPS from continuing operations, sales and expected cash flow from operations) generally is not available without unreasonable effort due to potentially high variability, complexity and low visibility as to the items that would be excluded from the GAAP measure in the relevant future period, such as unusual gains and losses, the ultimate outcome of pending litigation, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, the impact and timing of potential acquisitions and divestitures, and other structural changes or their probable significance. The variability of the excluded items may have a significant, and potentially unpredictable, impact on our future GAAP results. Cautionary Statement This press release contains statements which, to the extent they are not statements of historical or present fact, constitute "forward-looking statements" under the securities laws. From time to time, oral or written forward-looking statements may also be included in other information released to the public. These forward-looking statements are intended to provide management’s current expectations or plans for our future operating and financial performance, based on assumptions currently believed to be valid. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as "believe," "expect," "expectations," "plans," "strategy," "prospects," "estimate," "project," "target," "anticipate," "will," "should," "see," "guidance," "confident" and other words of similar meaning in connection with a discussion of future operating or financial performance. Forward-looking statements may include, among other things, statements relating to future sales, earnings, cash flow, results of operations, uses of cash, share repurchases and other measures of financial performance or potential future plans, strategies or transactions. All forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. For those statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such risks, uncertainties and other factors include, without limitation: (1) the effect of economic conditions in the industries and markets in which we operate in the U.S. and globally and any changes therein, including financial market conditions, fluctuations in commodity prices, interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates, levels of end market demand in construction and in both the commercial and defense segments of the aerospace industry, levels of air travel, financial condition of commercial airlines, the impact of weather conditions and natural disasters and the financial condition of our customers and suppliers; (2) challenges in the development, production, delivery, support, performance and realization of the anticipated benefits of advanced technologies and new products and services; (3) future levels of indebtedness and capital spending and research and development spending; (4) future availability of credit and factors that may affect such availability, including credit market conditions and our capital structure; (5) the timing and scope of future repurchases of our common stock, which may be suspended at any time due to market conditions and the level of other investing activities and uses of cash; (6) delays and disruption in delivery of materials and services from suppliers; (7) company and customer- directed cost reduction efforts and restructuring costs and savings and other consequences thereof; (8) the scope, nature, impact or timing of acquisition and divestiture activity, including among other things integration of acquired businesses into our existing businesses and realization of synergies and opportunities for growth and innovation; (9) new business or investment opportunities; (10) our ability to realize the intended benefits of organizational changes; (11) the anticipated benefits of diversification and balance of operations across product lines, regions and industries; (12) the outcome of legal proceedings, investigations and other contingencies; (13) pension plan assumptions and future contributions; (14) the impact of the negotiation of collective bargaining agreements and labor disputes; (15) the effect of changes in political conditions in the U.S. and other countries in which we operate, including the effect of changes in U.S. trade policies or the U.K.'s pending withdrawal from the EU, on general market conditions, global trade policies and currency exchange rates in the near term and…