Item 2.02. Results of Operations and Financial Condition Attached as an exhibit hereto are a press release and financial tables, dated October 29, 2025, issued by Verizon Communications Inc. (Verizon). Non-GAAP Measures Verizon’s press release and financial tables attached to the report include financial information prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP) as well as non-GAAP financial information. It is management's intent to provide non-GAAP financial information to enhance the understanding of Verizon's GAAP financial information, and it should be considered by the reader in addition to, but not instead of, the financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Each non-GAAP financial measure is presented along with the corresponding GAAP measure so as not to imply that more emphasis should be placed on the non-GAAP measure. We believe that providing these non-GAAP measures in addition to the GAAP measures allows management, investors and other users of our financial information to more fully and accurately assess both consolidated and segment performance. The non-GAAP financial information presented may be determined or calculated differently by other companies and may not be directly comparable to that of other companies. EBITDA and EBITDA Margin Related Non-GAAP Measures Consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (Consolidated EBITDA), Segment EBITDA and Segment EBITDA Margin are non-GAAP financial measures that we believe are useful to management, investors and other users of our financial information as they are widely accepted financial measures used in evaluating the profitability of a company and its operating performance in relation to its competitors. Consolidated EBITDA is calculated by adding back interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization expense to net income. Segment EBITDA is calculated by adding back segment depreciation and amortization expense to segment operating income. Segment EBITDA Margin is calculated by dividing Segment EBITDA by total segment operating revenues. Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA and Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA Growth Forecast Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA and Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA Growth Forecast are non-GAAP financial measures that we believe provide relevant and useful information to management, investors and other users of our financial information in evaluating the effectiveness of our operations and underlying business trends. We believe that Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA and Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA Growth Forecast are used by investors to compare a company’s operating performance to its competitors by minimizing impacts caused by differences in capital structure, taxes, and depreciation and amortization policies. Further, the exclusion of non-operational items and special items enables comparability to prior period performance and trend analysis. Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA is calculated by excluding from Consolidated EBITDA the effect of the following non-operational items: equity in earnings and losses of unconsolidated businesses and other income and expense, net, and the following special items: acquisition and integration related charges, severance charges, asset and business rationalization and legacy legal matter. Acquisition and integration related charges recorded during 2025 relate to transaction and integration expenses associated with the pending acquisition of Frontier Communications Parent, Inc. Severance charges recorded during 2024 relate to separations under our voluntary separation program for select U.S.-based management employees as well as other headcount reduction initiatives. Asset and business rationalization recorded during 2024 predominately relates to the decision to cease use of certain real estate assets and exit non-strategic portions of certain businesses, as part of our continued transformation initiatives. Legacy legal matter recorded during 2024 relates to a litigation matter associated with a legacy contract for the production of telephone directories in Costa Rica by a subsidiary of Verizon. We have not provided a reconciliation for our Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA Growth Forecast because we cannot, without unreasonable effort, predict the special items that could arise during 2025. Net Unsecured Debt and Net Unsecured Debt to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA Ratio Net Unsecured Debt and Net Unsecured Debt to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA Ratio are non-GAAP financial measures that we believe are useful to management, investors and other users of our financial information in evaluating Verizon’s ability to service its unsecured debt from continuing operations. Net Unsecured Debt is calculated by subtracting secured debt and cash and cash equivalents from the sum of debt maturing within one year and long-term debt. Net Unsecured Debt to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA Ratio is calculated by dividing Net Unsecured Debt by Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA. For purposes of Net Unsecured Debt to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA Ratio, Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA is calculated for the last twelve months. Adjusted Earnings per Common Share (Adjusted EPS) and Adjusted EPS Forecast Adjusted EPS and Adjusted EPS Forecast are non-GAAP financial measures that we believe are useful to management, investors and other users of our financial information in evaluating our operating results and understanding our operating trends without the effect of special items which could vary from period to period. We believe excluding special items provides more comparable assessment of our financial results from period to period. Adjusted EPS is calculated by excluding from the calculation of reported EPS the effect of the following special items: amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, acquisition and integration related charges, severance charges, and asset and business rationalization. We exclude the amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets because the amount and timing of such charges are significantly impacted by the timing, size, number and nature of the acquisitions we consummate. While we have a history of significant acquisition activity, we do not acquire businesses on a predictable cycle, and the amount of an acquisition’s purchase price allocated to intangible assets and related amortization term are unique to each acquisition and can vary significantly from acquisition to acquisition. Exclusion of this amortization expense facilitates more consistent comparisons of operating results over time between our newly acquired and long-held businesses, and with both acquisitive and non-acquisitive peer companies. We believe that it is important for investors to understand that our non-GAAP financial measure adjusts for the intangible asset amortization but does not adjust the revenue that is generated in part from the use of such intangible assets. We exclude the acquisition and integration related charges because the amount and timing of such charges are significantly impacted by the timing, size, and nature of the acquisitions we consummate. While we have a history of significant acquisition activity, we do not acquire businesses on a predictable cycle, and the related costs to integrate an acquired business into our operations are unique to each acquisition and can vary significantly from acquisition to acquisition. Exclusion of acquisition and integration related charges facilitates more consistent comparisons of our operating results with historical periods, and with both acquisitive and non-acquisitive peer companies. We have not provided a reconciliation for our Adjusted EPS Forecast because we cannot, without unreasonable effort, predict the special items that could arise during 2025. Free Cash Flow and Free Cash Flow Forecast Free cash flow and free cash flow forecast are non-GAAP financial measures that reflect an additional way of viewing our liquidity that, when viewed with our GAAP results, provide a more complete understanding of factors and trends affecting our cash flows. We believe they are more conservative measures of cash flow since capital expenditures are necessary for ongoing operations. Free cash flow and free cash flow forecast have limitations due to the fact that they do not represent the residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures. For example, free cash flow and free cash flow forecast do not incorporate payments made or expected to be made on finance lease obligations or cash payments for business acquisitions or wireless licenses. Therefore, we believe it is important to view free cash flow and free cash flow forecast as complements to our entire consolidated statements of cash flows. Free cash flow is calculated by subtracting capital expenditures (including capitalized software) from net cash provided by operating activities. Free cash flow forecast is calculated by subtracting capital expenditures forecast (including capitalized software) from forecasted net cash provided by operating activities. See the accompanying schedules for reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP.