Exhibit 99.2 DOCUSIGN, INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE AND CHANGE IN CONTROL AGREEMENT This Amended and Restated Executive Severance and Change in Control Agreement (the “ Agreement ”) by and between Loren Alhadeff (“ Executive ”) and DocuSign, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “ Company ”) is effective on ___________ (the “ Agreement Date ”). This Agreement supersedes in its entirety that certain Executive Severance and Change in Control Plan between Executive and the Company dated June 6, 2019 (the “ Prior Agreement ”). RECITALS A. The Company’s Board of Directors (the “ Board ”) or the Compensation Committee of the Board (the “ Committee ”) believes it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to hire Executive and to provide Executive with certain protections in the event of Executive’s termination of employment or a Change in Control of the Company under certain circumstances. B. To accomplish the foregoing objectives, the Committee has directed the Company, upon execution of this Agreement by Executive, to agree to the terms provided in this Agreement. Capitalized terms not defined below shall have the meanings set forth in Exhibit A or Exhibit B , as applicable. AGREEMENT The parties hereto agree as follows: 1. At-Will Employment. Nothing in this Agreement alters the at-will nature of Executive’s employment. Executive and the Company remain free to terminate the employment relationship at any time, for any reason, with or without notice. 2. Benefits Upon Qualifying Termination Outside the Change in Control Period. Upon Executive’s Qualifying Termination outside a Change in Control Period, and subject to the conditions in Section 5, the Company will provide Executive with the following severance benefits: a. Severance Pay. The Company will pay Executive a lump sum cash payment, less all applicable withholdings and deductions, in an amount equal to: i. 6 months of Executive’s then-current base salary (ignoring any decrease in base salary that forms the basis for Good Reason); and ii. 50% of Executive’s target annual bonus for the performance year in which the Qualifying Termination occurs. b. Continued Health Insurance Coverage. Provided Executive timely elects COBRA continuation coverage, the Company will pay the COBRA premiums to continue and maintain health care coverage for Executive and any dependents who are covered at the time of the Executive’s termination of employment under the Company’s group health plans. The Company will make such payments until the earliest of: (i) 6 months following the Qualifying Termination date; (ii) the date when Executive becomes eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment or self-employment; or (iii) the date Executive ceases to be eligible for COBRA continuation coverage for any reason. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company determines in its sole discretion that it cannot pay the COBRA premiums without potentially incurring financial costs or penalties under applicable law, the Company may pay Executive a taxable cash payment equal to the amount that the Company would have otherwise paid for COBRA premiums (based on the premium for the first month of coverage), which payment will be made regardless of whether Executive or Executive’s eligible dependents elect COBRA continuation coverage and will be paid in monthly installments on the same schedule and over the same time period that the COBRA premiums would otherwise have been paid on behalf of Executive. c. Equity Vesting Acceleration. The vesting of each of Executive’s then- outstanding equity compensation awards granted under any of the Company’s equity incentive plans (“ Company Equity Awards ”) (other than Performance Awards (as defined below)) will accelerate as to the number of shares subject to each such award that would have become vested, in the ordinary course, within the first 6 months following Executive’s termination date, effective on Executive’s date of termination. With respect to awards that would otherwise vest only upon satisfaction of performance criteria (“ Performance Awards ”), the vesting of such awards will accelerate as set forth in the terms of the applicable performance-based equity award agreement. Subject to the payment timing rules contained in Exhibit B , any severance payments and benefits under this Section 2 will be paid on the later of (x) 10 business days after the effective date of the Release and (y) the date of Executive’s Qualifying Termination. 3. Qualifying Termination During the Change in Control Period. Upon Executive’s Qualifying Termination during the Change in Control Period, and subject to the conditions in Section 5, the Company will provide Executive with the following severance benefits: a. Severance Pay. The Company will pay Executive a lump sum cash payment, less all applicable withholdings and deductions, in an amount equal to: i. 12 months of Executive’s then-current base salary (ignoring any decrease in base salary that forms the basis for Good Reason); and ii. No target annual bonus for the performance year in which the Qualifying Termination occurs (this means no pro rata or partial annual bonus payment will be owed). b. Continued Health Insurance Coverage. Provided Executive timely elects COBRA continuation coverage, the Company will pay the COBRA premiums to continue and maintain health care coverage for Executive and any dependents who are covered at the time of the Executive’s termination of employment under the Company’s group health plans. The Company will make such payments until the earliest of: (i) 12 months following the Qualifying Termination date; (ii) the date when Executive becomes eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment or self-employment; or (iii) the date Executive ceases to be eligible for COBRA continuation coverage for any reason. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company determines in its sole discretion that it cannot pay the COBRA premiums without potentially incurring financial costs or penalties under applicable law, the Company may pay Executive a taxable cash payment equal to the amount that the Company would have otherwise paid for COBRA premiums (based on the premium for the first month of coverage), which payment will be made regardless of whether Executive or Executive’s eligible dependents elect COBRA continuation coverage and will be paid in monthly installments on the same schedule and over the same time period that the COBRA premiums would otherwise have been paid on behalf of Executive. c. The vesting of each of Executive’s Company Equity Awards (other than Performance Awards) will accelerate in full. The vesting of Performance Awards will accelerate as set forth in the terms of the applicable performance-based equity award agreement. In order to accommodate this potential accelerated vesting, if Executive experiences a Qualifying Termination within 90 days prior to a Change in Control, any then-unvested compensatory equity awards will not terminate with respect to shares that have not vested as of Executive’s termination date until 6 months and one day after Executive’s termination date. Subject to the payment timing rules contained in Exhibit B , any severance payments and benefits under this Section 3 will be paid on the latest of (x) 10 business days after the effective date of the Release, (y) the date of Executive’s Qualifying Termination, and (z) the date of the Change in Control. 4. Change in Control Acceleration. In the event of a Change in Control without a Qualifying Termination, the vesting of each of Executive’s Company Equity Awards granted prior to the Agreement Date will accelerate as to 25% of any then-unvested shares subject to each such award as of immediately prior to the Change in Control subject to Executive’s continued employment through the Change in Control; provided, however, that with respect to Performance Awards, the determination of any applicable performance criteria upon a Change in Control will be determined as set forth in the applicable performance-based equity award prior to giving effect to this accelerated vesting. Unless otherwise provided in writing by the Board or the Committee, the “single trigger” acceleration provided under this Section 4 shall not apply to any Company Equity Award granted on or following the Agreement Date. 5. Limitations and Conditions on Termination Benefits a. Release Prior to Payment of Benefits. In order to be eligible to receive any benefits under Sections 2 or 3, Executive must (i) execute and return a general waiver and release, in a form provided by the Company and reasonably acceptable to Executive, of all employment related obligations of and claims and causes of action against the Company (a “Release”), to the Company within the applicable time period set forth therein and (ii) not revoke the Release within the revocation period (if any) set forth therein; provided, however, that in no event may the applicable time period or revocation period extend beyond sixty (60) days following Executive’s termination date. b. Income and Employment Taxes. Executives agrees that Executive will be responsible for any applicable taxes of any nature (including any penalties or interest that may apply to such taxes) that the Company reasonably determines apply to any payment made hereunder, that Executive’s receipt of any benefit hereunder is conditioned on Executive’s satisfaction of any applicable withholding or similar obligations that apply to such benefit, and that any cash payment owed hereunder will be reduced to satisfy any such withholding or similar obligations that may apply. c. Related Matters. Executive further acknowledges and agrees that as a condition to receipt of any severance benefits, Executive must (i) comply with Executive’s obligations under Executive’s At-Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment and Arbitration Agreement; and (ii) resign from all officer and director positions with the Company and/or any affiliate (unless otherwise requested by the Company). d. Section 409A and Section 280G. Executive and the Company understand that payments under this Agreement may be subject to Sections 409A and 280G of the Code, and the parties agree to abide by the Section 409A and Section 280G provisions contained in Exhibit B to this Agreement. e. Clawback/Recoupment. All amounts payable to Executive hereunder shall be subject to recoupment pursuant to the Company’s current compensation clawback or recoupment policy, and any additional compensation clawback or recoupment policy or amendments to the current policy adopted by the Board or as required by law during the term of Executive’s employment with the Company that is applicable generally to executive officers of the Company. No recovery of compensation under such a clawback or recoupment policy will be an event giving rise to a right to resign for “Good Reason” or constitute a “constructive” termination without “Cause” under this Agreement. 6. Miscellaneous Provisions. a. Interaction with Other Benefits. In the event that Executive would be entitled to a greater level of payments or benefits under the terms and conditions of an individual equity compensation award, offer letter or other employment-related agreement, or a severance plan or policy provided by the Company or its successor, but for the existence of this Agreement, Executive shall be entitled to receive the greater of the payments and benefits provided for hereunder or the benefits under such other agreement, plan or policy subject to the applicable terms and conditions thereof. b. Complete Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, this Agreement supersedes any agreement (or portion thereof, including the Prior Agreement) concerning similar subject matter dated prior to the Agreement Date, and by…