Exhibit 99.1 DocuSign Announces First Quarter Fiscal 2022 Financial Results San Francisco – June 3, 2021 – DocuSign, Inc. (NASDAQ: DOCU), which offers the world’s #1 eSignature solution as part of the DocuSign Agreement Cloud, today announced results for its fiscal quarter ended April 30, 2021. “We’ve increasingly become the way people agree in this emerging anywhere economy—and that’s not only helping organizations continue operations during the pandemic, but helping them realize new and more efficient ways of doing business in the future,” said DocuSign CEO Dan Springer. “This fact is reflected by our new and existing customers adopting and expanding at record rates, our 58% year-over-year Q1 revenue growth, and the recent addition of our millionth customer to the DocuSign platform." First Quarter Financial Highlights ▪ Total revenue was $469.1 million, an increase of 58% year-over-year. Subscription revenue was $451.9 million, an increase of 61% year-over-year. Professional services and other revenue was $17.1 million, an increase of 7% year-over-year. ▪ Billings were $527.4 million , an increase of 54% year-over-year. ▪ GAAP gross margin was 78% compared to 75% in the same period last year. Non-GAAP gross margin was 81% compared to 79% in the same period last year. ▪ GAAP net loss per basic and diluted share was $0.04 on 194 million shares outstanding compared to $0.26 on 183 million shares outstanding in the same period last year. ▪ Non-GAAP net income per diluted share was $0.44 on 208 million shares outstanding compared to $0.12 on 197 million shares outstanding in the same period last year. ▪ Net cash provided by operating activities was $135.6 million compared to $59.1 million in the same period last year. ▪ Free cash flo w was $123.0 million co mpared to $32.8 million in the same period last year. ▪ Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and investments were $875.8 million at th e end of the quarter. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures has been provided in the tables included in this press release. An explanation of these measures is also included below under the heading “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Other Key Metrics.” Operational and Other Financial Highlights ▪ DocuSign Agreement Cloud 2020 Product Release 1 . DocuSign announced several exciting new product capabilities to help customers drive their digital transformations. This includes: ▪ New features in DocuSign eSignature including the data visualization tool Signing Insights, improved data verification, eWitness enhancements, and eSignature for Microsoft Teams. ▪ New features in DocuSign CLM including the new CLM 360 dashboard for assessing and managing supplier relationships in terms of relevant agreements and amendments, as well as Workday Financial Management and Netsuite Financials Integrations. ▪ DocuSign Notary . DocuSign introduced DocuSign Notary, its remote online notarization (RON) solution designed to enable organizations to notarize agreements virtually. Available for limited release, Notary is built on the company’s flagship eSignature solution and utilizes capabilities developed from the acquisition of Liveoak Technologies last year. It uses secure identity-proofing technologies to reduce the risk of fraud and provides a detailed audit trail, including a tamper-evident Certificate of Completion and recorded sessions. ▪ 2021 Gartner Magic Quadrant Leader. For the second year in a row, DocuSign was named a Leader in the 2021 Magic Quadrant for CLM research report by Gartner, Inc. This year, DocuSign was placed highest among the 15 vendors evaluated on the “ability to execute” axis, and highly on the “completeness of vision” axis. 1 DOCUSIGN, INC. Outlook The company currently expects the following guidance: ▪ Quarter ending July 31, 2021 (in millions, except percentages): Total revenue $479 to $485 Subscription revenue $459 to $465 Billings $549 to $561 Non-GAAP gross margin 79% to 81% Non-GAAP operating margin 16% to 18% Non-GAAP diluted weighted-average shares outstanding 205 to 210 ▪ Year ending January 31, 2022 (in millions, except percentages): Total revenue $2,027 to $2,039 Subscription revenue $1,953 to $1,965 Billings $2,338 to $2,362 Non-GAAP gross margin 79% to 81% Non-GAAP operating margin 16% to 18% Provision for income taxes $10 to $12 Non-GAAP diluted weighted-average shares outstanding 205 to 210 The company has not reconciled its guidance of non-GAAP financial measures to the corresponding GAAP measures because stock-based compensation expense cannot be reasonably calculated or predicted at this time. Accordingly, a reconciliation has not been provided. 2 DOCUSIGN, INC. Webcast Conference Call Information The company will host a conference call on June 3, 2021 at 1:30 p.m. PT (4:30 p.m. ET) to discuss its financial results. A live webcast of the event will be available on the DocuSign Investor Relations website at investor.docusign.com. A live dial-in will be available domestically at 877-407-0784 or internationally at 201-689-8560. A replay will be available domestically at 844-512-2921 or internationally at 412-317-6671 until midnight (ET) June 17, 2021 using the passcode 13719643. About DocuSign DocuSign helps organizations connect and automate how they prepare, sign, act on, and manage agreements. As part of the DocuSign Agreement Cloud, DocuSign offers eSignature, the world's #1 way to sign electronically on practically any device, from almost anywhere, at any time. Today, over 980,000 customers and hundreds of millions of users in over 180 countries use DocuSign to accelerate the process of doing business and to simplify people’s lives. For more information, visit www.docusign.com, call +1-877-720-2040, or follow @DocuSign on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook and Instagram. Copyright 2021. DocuSign, Inc. is the owner of DOCUSIGN® and all its other marks (www.docusign.com/IP). Investor Relations: Annie Leschin VP Investor Relations investors@docusign.com Media Relations: Adrian Wainwright Head of Communications media@docusign.com Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains “forward-looking” statements that are based on our management's beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts and can be identified by terms such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “expects,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “could,” “intends,” “target,” “projects,” “contemplates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “potential,” or “continue” or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans or intentions. Forward-looking statements in this press release include, among other things, statements under “Outlook” above and any other statements about expected financial metrics, such as revenue, billings, non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP diluted weighted-average shares outstanding, and non-financial metrics, such as customer growth, as well as statements related to our expectations regarding the benefits of the DocuSign Agreement Cloud and enhancements to it, additions to the DocuSign Agreement Cloud software suite of products, including as a result of acquisitions, and the anticipated benefits of our issuances of convertible notes and the establishment of our credit facility. They also include statements about our future operating results and financial position, our business strategy and plans, market growth and trends, and our objectives for future operations. These statements are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. These risks and uncertainties include, among other things, risks related to our ability to estimate the size of our total addressable market; our expectations regarding the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our business, the results of our operations and our financial condition, as well as our future profitability and growth as the pandemic continues to abate; our expectations regarding the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on the businesses of our customers, partners and suppliers, and the economy; our ability to effectively sustain and manage our growth and future expenses, achieve and maintain future profitability, attract new customers and maintain and expand our existing customer base; our ability to scale and update our platform to respond to customers' needs and rapid technological change; the effects of increased competition in our market and our ability to compete effectively; our ability to expand use cases within existing customers and vertical solutions; our ability to expand our operations and increase adoption of our platform internationally; our ability to strengthen and foster our relationship with developers; our ability to expand our direct sales force, customer success team and strategic partnerships around the world; our ability to identify targets for and execute potential acquisitions; our ability to successfully integrate the operations of businesses we may acquire, or to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions; our ability to maintain, protect and enhance our brand; the sufficiency of our cash and cash equivalents to satisfy our liquidity needs; limitations on us due to obligations we have 3 DOCUSIGN, INC. under our credit facility or other indebtedness; our failure or the failure of our software suite of services to comply with applicable industry standards, laws and regulations; our ability to maintain, protect and enhance our intellectual property; our ability to successfully defend litigation against us; our ability to attract large organizations as users; our ability to maintain our corporate culture; our ability to offer high-quality customer support; our ability to hire, retain and motivate qualified personnel; our ability to estimate the size and potential growth of our target market; and our ability to maintain proper and effective internal controls. Additional risks and uncertainties that could affect our financial results are included in the sections titled “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2021 filed on March 31, 2021, our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2020 filed on December 4, 2020 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), and other filings that we make from time to time with the SEC. In addition, any forward-looking statements contained in this press release are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons if actual results differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Other Key Metrics To supplement our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP, we use certain non-GAAP financial measures, as described below, to understand and evaluate our core operating performance. These non-GAAP financial measures, which may be different than similarly-titled measures used by other companies, are presented to enhance investors’ overall understanding of our financial performance and should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information about our financial performance, enhance the overall understanding of our past performance and future prospects, and allow for greater transparency with respect to important metrics used by our management for financial and operational decision-making. We are presenting these non-GAAP measures to assist investors…