Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On April 27, 2017 , Intel Corporation (“Intel”) issued a press release announcing the financial results of its first quarter ended April 1, 2017 and forward-looking statements relating to its second quarter of 2017 and full year 2017 . A copy of this press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference herein. On April 27, 2017 , Intel also posted on its investor website, intc.com, financial information and commentary by Robert H. Swan, Intel’s Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer. This information and commentary, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and is incorporated by reference herein, relates to Intel's first quarter results and includes forward-looking statements regarding its second quarter of 2017 and full year 2017 . Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 include non-GAAP financial measures relating to our operations and forecasted outlook. Certain of these non-GAAP terms will be used in Intel’s earnings conference for the first quarter of 2017. In addition, Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 include reconciliations of these GAAP to non-GAAP measures, as well as an explanation of how management uses these non-GAAP measures and the reasons why management views these measures as providing useful information for investors. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP and the financial results calculated in accordance with GAAP and reconciliations from Intel’s results should be carefully evaluated. The information in

Exhibit 99.2 and is incorporated by reference herein, relates to Intel's first quarter results and includes forward-looking statements regarding its second quarter of 2017 and full year 2017 . Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 include non-GAAP financial measures relating to our operations and forecasted outlook. Certain of these non-GAAP terms will be used in Intel’s earnings conference for the first quarter of 2017. In addition, Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 include reconciliations of these GAAP to non-GAAP measures, as well as an explanation of how management uses these non-GAAP measures and the reasons why management views these measures as providing useful information for investors. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP and the financial results calculated in accordance with GAAP and reconciliations from Intel’s results should be carefully evaluated. The information in