8-K 1 a17-21292_18k.htm 8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K Current Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): September 7, 2017 CATERPILLAR INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 1-768 (Commission File Number) 37-0602744 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 100 NE Adams Street, Peoria, Illinois (Address of principal executive offices) 61629 (Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (309) 675-1000 Former name or former address, if changed since last report: N/A Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: o Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) o Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) o Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) o Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined by Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§ 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company o If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. Creation of Revolving Credit Facilities On September 7, 2017, Caterpillar Inc. (“Caterpillar”) entered into a Credit Agreement (the “364-Day Facility”) among Caterpillar, Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation (“Cat Financial”), Caterpillar International Finance Designated Activity Company (“CIF”) and Caterpillar Finance Kabushiki Kaisha (“CFKK” and, together with Caterpillar, Cat Financial and CIF, the “Borrowers”), certain financial institutions named therein (the “Banks”), Citibank, N.A. (the “Agent”), Citibank Europe PLC, UK Branch (the “Local Currency Agent”), and The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd. (the “Japan Local Currency Agent”), which provides for an unsecured revolving credit facility to the Borrowers in an aggregate amount of up to $3.15 billion (the “364-Day Aggregate Commitment”) that expires on September 6, 2018. A Local Currency Addendum that enables CIF to borrow in certain approved currencies including Pounds Sterling and Euro for an aggregate amount up to the equivalent of $100 million and a Japan Local Currency Addendum that enables CFKK to borrow Japanese Yen for an aggregate amount up to the equivalent of $100 million, as part of the 364-Day Aggregate Commitment, were also entered into on September 7, 2017. The 364-Day Facility replaces Caterpillar’s prior 364-Day Facility, which was entered into on September 8, 2016. Amendments to and Extensions of Existing Credit Agreements On September 8, 2017, Caterpillar entered into (i) Omnibus Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Three Year Facility) and Amendment No. 2 to Japan Local Currency Addendum, each dated September 8, 2017 (collectively, the “Three-Year Facility Amendment”), which amend the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Three-Year Facility) dated September 10, 2015 and the related Japan Local Currency Addendum (collectively, the “2015 Three-Year Facility”) and (ii) Omnibus Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Five-Year Facility) and Amendment No. 2 to Japan Local Currency Addendum, each dated September 8, 2017 (collectively, the “Five-Year Facility Amendment”), which amend the Amended and Restated Five-Year Credit Agreement (Five-Year Facility) dated September 10, 2015 and the related Japan Local Currency Addendum (collectively, the “2015 Five-Year Facility” and the 2015 Three-Year Facility and the 2015 Five-Year Facility as amended by the Three-Year Facility Amendment and the Five-Year Facility Amendment, respectively, the “Amended Credit Facilities,” and together with the 364-Day Facility, the “Credit Facilities”). The Three-Year Facility Amendment extends the expiration date of the 2015 Three-Year Facility to September 8, 2020 and the Five-Year Facility Amendment extends the expiration date of the 2015 Five-Year Facility to September 8, 2022. The Credit Facilities are available for general corporate purposes. As of the date hereof, the Borrowers have not drawn on the Credit Facilities. The Credit Facilities contain certain representations and warranties, covenants and events of default, including financial covenants. Under the Credit Facilities, Caterpillar is required to maintain consolidated net worth not less than $9 billion at all times. Caterpillar’s consolidated net worth is defined as the consolidated stockholder’s equity including preferred stock but excluding the pension and other post-retirement benefits balance within Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Cat Financial is required to maintain an interest coverage ratio above 1.15 to 1, where the interest coverage ratio is defined as the ratio of (1) profit excluding income taxes, interest expense and net gain/(loss) from interest rate derivatives to (2) interest expense, calculated at the end of each calendar quarter for the rolling four quarter period then most recently ended. Cat Financial is also required to maintain a leverage ratio (consolidated debt to consolidated net worth) below 10.0 to 1, calculated (1) on a monthly basis as the average of the leverage ratios determined on the last day of each of the six preceding calendar months and (2) on each December 31. Drawings under the Credit Facilities are also subject to conditions precedent and the payment of certain facility fees. Certain of the lenders and agents party to the Credit Facilities, as well as certain of their respective affiliates, have performed, and may in the future perform, for Caterpillar and its subsidiaries, various commercial banking, investment banking, underwriting and other financial advisory services, for which they have received and may in the future receive customary fees and expenses. The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by the terms and provisions of the (i) 364-Day Facility and the Local Currency Addendum and Japan Local Currency Addendum thereto; (ii) the Three-Year Facility Amendment; and (iii) the Five-Year Facility Amendment, which are filed as exhibits to this report, and incorporated herein by reference. Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. The information set forth under Item 1.01 of this report is hereby incorporated into this Item 2.03 by reference. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits: Exhibit No. Description 99.1 364-Day Facility 99.2 Local Currency Addendum to the 364-Day Facility 99.3 Japan Local Currency Addendum to the 364-Day Facility 99.4 Omnibus Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Three-Year Facility) and Amendment No. 2 to Japan Local Currency Addendum 99.5 Omnibus Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Five-Year Facility) and Amendment No. 2 to Japan Local Currency Addendum EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Description 99.1 364-Day Facility 99.2 Local Currency Addendum to the 364-Day Facility 99.3 Japan Local Currency Addendum to the 364-Day Facility 99.4 Omnibus Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Three-Year Facility) and Amendment No. 2 to Japan Local Currency Addendum 99.5 Omnibus Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Five-Year Facility) and Amendment No. 2 to Japan Local Currency Addendum SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. CATERPILLAR INC. By: /s/ Suzette M. Long Dated: September 12, 2017 Suzette M. Long General Counsel & Corporate Secretary

EX-99.1 2 a17-21292_1ex99d1.htm EX-99.1 Exhibit 99.1 CREDIT AGREEMENT (2017 364-Day Facility) Dated as of September 7, 2017 Among CATERPILLAR INC., CATERPILLAR FINANCIAL SERVICES CORPORATION, CATERPILLAR INTERNATIONAL FINANCE DESIGNATED ACTIVITY COMPANY and CATERPILLAR FINANCE KABUSHIKI KAISHA, as Borrowers THE FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS NAMED HEREIN, as Banks CITIBANK, N.A., as Agent , CITIBANK EUROPE PLC, UK BRANCH, as Local Currency Agent THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD., as Japan Local Currency Agent CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC., MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED, and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners TABLE OF CONTENTS ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 1 SECTION 1.01. Certain Defined Terms 1 SECTION 1.02. Computation of Time Periods 23 SECTION 1.03. Accounting Terms 23 ARTICLE II AMOUNTS AND TERMS OF THE ADVANCES 23 SECTION 2.01. The Revolving Credit Advances; Allocation of Commitments 23 SECTION 2.02. Making the Revolving Credit Advances 25 SECTION 2.03. Voluntary Conversion or Continuation of Term Loan Advances 27 SECTION 2.04. Fees 33 SECTION 2.05. Reduction of the Commitments; Bank Additions 34 SECTION 2.06. Repayment of Advances 36 SECTION 2.07. Interest on Advances 36 SECTION 2.08. Interest Rate Determination 37 SECTION 2.09. Prepayments of Advances 38 SECTION 2.10. Increased Costs; Capital Adequacy; Illegality 38 SECTION 2.11. Payments and Computations 41 SECTION 2.12. Taxes 43 SECTION 2.13. Sharing of Payments, Etc . 44 SECTION 2.14. Tax Forms 45 SECTION 2.15. Market Disruption; Denomination of Amounts in Dollars 46 SECTION 2.16. Extensions of the Commitments 47 SECTION 2.17. Term Loan Election 48 SECTION 2.18. Defaulting Banks 49 SECTION 2.19. Funding Vehicle 50 ARTICLE III CONDITIONS OF LENDING 50 SECTION 3.01. Conditions Precedent to Initial Advances 50 SECTION 3.02. Conditions Precedent to Each Borrowing 51 SECTION 3.03. Conditions Precedent to Certain Borrowings 52 ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 52 SECTION 4.01. Representations and Warranties of the Borrowers 52 SECTION 4.02. Additional Representations and Warranties of CFSC, CIF and CFKK 55 ARTICLE V COVENANTS OF THE BORROWERS 55 SECTION 5.01. Affirmative Covenants 55 SECTION 5.02. Negative Covenants 59 SECTION 5.03. Financial Covenant of Caterpillar 59 SECTION 5.04. Financial and Other Covenants of CFSC 60 ARTICLE VI EVENTS OF DEFAULT 60 SECTION 6.01. Events of Default 60 ARTICLE VII AGENCY 64 SECTION 7.01. Appointment and Authority 64 SECTION 7.02. Agent Individually 64 SECTION 7.03. Duties of Agent; Exculpatory Provisions 65 SECTION 7.04. Reliance by Agent 67 SECTION 7.05. Delegation of Duties 67 SECTION 7.06. Resignation or Removal of Agent 67 SECTION 7.07. Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Banks 68 SECTION 7.08. No Other Duties, etc . 70 SECTION 7.09. Indemnification 70 ARTICLE VIII MISCELLANEOUS 70 SECTION 8.01. Amendments, Etc . 70 SECTION 8.02. Notices; Communications, Etc. 71 SECTION 8.03. No Waiver; Remedies 75 SECTION 8.04. Costs, Expenses and Taxes 75 SECTION 8.05. Right of Set-off 76 SECTION 8.06. Binding Effect 77 SECTION 8.07. Assignments and Participations 77 SECTION 8.08. Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Service of Process 80 SECTION 8.09. Caterpillar as Agent for the Borrowers 81 SECTION 8.10. Judgment Currency 81 SECTION 8.11. Execution in Counterparts 81 SECTION 8.12. Waiver of Jury Trial 81 SECTION 8.13. USA Patriot Act Notification 82 SECTION 8.14. Confidentiality 82 SECTION 8.15. Treatment of Information 83 SECTION 8.16. Termination of Prior Agreement 85 SECTION 8.17. No Fiduciary Duty 85 SECTION 8.18. Arrangers 86 SECTION 8.19. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions 86 ARTICLE IX CFSC GUARANTY 86 SECTION 9.01. The Guaranty 86 SECTION 9.02. Guaranty Unconditional 87 SECTION 9.03. Discharge Only Upon Payment In Full; Reinstatement in Certain Circumstances 88 SECTION 9.04. Waiver by CFSC 88 SECTION 9.05. Subrogation 88 SECTION 9.06. Stay of Acceleration 88 SCHEDULES Schedule I Commitments Schedule II Commitment Fee, CDS Floor, CDS Cap Table Schedule 4.01(h) ERISA Matters EXHIBITS Exhibit A Form of Note Exhibit B-1 Form of Notice of Revolving Credit Borrowing Exhibit B-2 Form of Notice of Local Currency Borrowing Exhibit B-3 Form of Notice of Japan Local Currency Borrowing Exhibit B-4 Form of Notice of Allocation Exhibit B-5 Form of Notice of Bank Addition Exhibit C-1 Form of Assignment and Acceptance Exhibit C-2 Form of Assumption and Acceptance Exhibit D Form of Opinion of Counsel for each of Caterpillar and CFSC Exhibit E [Reserved] Exhibit F-1 Form of Compliance Certificate (Caterpillar) Exhibit F-2 Form of Compliance Certificate (CFSC) Exhibit G-1 Form of Local Currency Addendum Exhibit G-2 Form of Japan Local Currency Addendum CREDIT AGREEMENT (2017 364-Day Facility) Dated as of September 7, 2017 Caterpillar Inc., a Delaware corporation (“ Caterpillar ”), Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation, a Delaware corporation (“ CFSC ”), Caterpillar International Finance Designated Activity Company, a designated activity company organized under the laws of Ireland (“ CIF ”), Caterpillar Finance Kabushiki Kaisha, an entity organized under the laws of Japan (“ CFKK ”), the financial institutions listed on the signature pages hereof and those financial institutions that become “Added Banks” pursuant to Section 2.05(c) , in each case together with their respective successors and assigns (the “ Banks ”), Citibank, N.A. (“ Citibank ”), as agent (the “ Agent ”) for the Banks hereunder, Citibank Europe plc, UK Branch (formerly known as Citibank International Limited), as the Local Currency Agent, and The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., as the Japan Local Currency Agent, agree as follows: ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS SECTION 1.01. Certain Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined): “ Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income ” means (i) with respect to Caterpillar, on any date of determination, the accumulated other comprehensive income(loss) balance as presented in Caterpillar’s financial statements compiled in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and (ii) with respect to CFSC, on any date of determination, the aggregate amount, as such amount appears in CFSC’s financial statements, compiled in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, of (x) CFSC’s translation adjustments related to its foreign currency transactions, (y) adjustments to the market value of CFSC’s derivative instruments and (z) adjustments to the market value of CFSC’s retained interests in securitized receivables. “ Activities ” has the meaning specified in Section 7.02(b). “ Added Bank ” means any Bank which becomes a Bank hereunder, or whose Commitment is increased (to the extent of such increase), pursuant to an Assumption and Acceptance as provided in Section 2.05(c) . “ Administrative Questionnaire ” means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Agent. “ Advance ” means a Revolving Credit Advance, a Local Currency Advance, a Japan Local Currency Advance or a Term Loan Advance. 1 “ Affiliate ” means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. “ Agent’s Group ” has the meaning specified in Section 7.02(b). “ Agreed Currencies ” means (i) Dollars, (ii) so long as such currency remains an Eligible Currency, Pounds Sterling and Euro, and (iii) any other Eligible Currency which the Borrowers request the Agent to include as an Agreed Currency hereunder and which is acceptable to each Bank with a Revolving Credit Commitment; provided , that the Agent shall promptly notify each Bank of each such request and each such Bank shall be deemed not to have agreed to each such request unless its written consent thereto has been received by the Agent within five (5) Business Days from the date of such notification by the Agent to such Bank. “ Agreement ” means this Credit Agreement (2017 364-Day Facility) as it may from time to time be further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. “ Allocated Commitment ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(b) . “ Allocation ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(b) . “ Allocation Percentage ” means, with respect to Caterpillar or CFSC at any time, such Borrower’s Allocation at such time divided by the Total Commitment at such time. “ Alternative Financial Information Service ” means, with respect to an Agreed Currency, a generally recognized financial information service (if any) selected by the Agent in consultation with the Borrowers that reports interest settlement rates for deposits in such Agreed Currency. “ Anti-Corruption Laws ” means the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 and all applicable laws, rules, and regulations of any applicable jurisdiction concerning or relating to bribery, corruption or money laundering. “ Applicable Lending Office ” means, with respect to each Bank, such Bank’s Domestic Lending Office in the case of a Base Rate Advance, such Bank’s Eurocurrency Lending Office in the case of a Eurocurrency Rate Advance, such Bank’s (or its Affiliate’s) office, branch or agency, as specified by such Bank in the Local Currency Addendum, in the case of a Local Currency Advance, and such Bank’s (or its Affiliate’s) office, branch or agency, as specified by such Bank in the Japan Local Currency Addendum, in the case of a Japan Local Currency Advance. “ Applicable Margin ” means (a) with respect to Base Rate Advances and Japan Base Rate Advances, the greater of (i) the applicable Market Rate Spread minus 1.00% and (ii) 0.00%; and (b) with respect to Eurocurrency Rate Advances and TIBO Rate Advances, the applicable Market Rate Spread. 2 “ Approved Electronic Communications ” means each Communication that any Borrower is obligated to, or otherwise chooses to, provide to the Agent pursuant to this Agreement, the Local Currency Addendum or the Japan Local Currency Addendum or the transactions contemplated herein or therein, including any financial statement, financial and other report, notice, request, certificate and other information material; provided , however , that, solely with respect to delivery of any such Communication by any Borrower to the Agent and without limiting or otherwise affecting either the Agent’s right to effect delivery of such Communication by posting such Communication to the Approved Electronic Platform or the protections afforded hereby to the Agent in connection with any such posting, “Approved Electronic Communication” shall exclude (i) any notice that relates to a request for an extension of credit (including any election of an interest rate or Interest Period relating thereto), (ii) any notice of Conversion, Redenomination or continuation, and any other notice, demand, communication, information, document and other material relating to a request for a new, or a Conversion, Redenomination or continuation of an existing, Advance, (iii) any notice pursuant to Section 2.09 and any other notice relating to the payment of any principal or other amount due under this Agreement prior to the scheduled date therefor, (iv) all notices of any Event of Default or unmatured Event of Default, (v) any notice, demand, communication, information, document and other material required to be delivered to satisfy any of the conditions set forth in Article III or any other condition to any Advance or other extension of credit hereunder or any condition precedent to the effectiveness of this Agreement and (vi) service of process. “ Approved Electronic Platform ” has the meaning specified in Section 8.02(d) . “ Arrangers ” means CGMI, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and JPMorgan. “ Assignment and Acceptance ” means an assignment and acceptance entered into by an assigning Bank and an assignee, and accepted by the Agent, in accordance with Section 8.07 and in substantially the form of Exhibit C-1 hereto. “ Assumption and Acceptance ” means an assumption and acceptance executed by an Added Bank and the Borrowers, and accepted by the Agent, in accordance with Section 2.05(c) and in substantially the form of Exhibit C-2 hereto. “ Available Revolving Credit Commitment ” means, as to any Bank at any time, such Bank’s Revolving Credit Commitment at such time minus the sum of the aggregate Dollar Amount of such Bank’s outstanding Revolving Credit Advances and, if such Bank is a Local Currency Bank, its Non-Same Day Local Currency Advances. “ Bail-In Action ” means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an EEA Financial Institution. “ Bail-In Legislation ” means, with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 3 “ Bank ” has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereof. To the extent applicable, any reference to a Bank or the Banks includes a reference to a Local Currency Bank, the Local Currency Banks, a Japan Local Currency Bank or the Japan Local Currency Banks, and, to the extent applicable, any reference to a Bank includes a reference to its Affiliate, branch or agency which is a Local Currency Bank or a Japan Local Currency Bank. “ Bank Addition ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c) . “ Bank Appointment Period ” has the meaning specified in Section 7.06 . “ Bank Insolvency Event ” means, with respect to any Bank, that (i) such Bank or its Parent Company has been adjudicated as, or determined by any Governmental Authority having regulatory authority over such Bank or its Parent Company or its assets to be, insolvent, or is generally unable to pay its debts as they become due, or admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as they become due, or makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or (ii) other than pursuant to an Undisclosed Administration that is not expected to impair or delay a Bank’s ability to satisfy its funding obligations hereunder, such Bank or its Parent Company is the subject of a bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, liquidation or similar proceeding, or a receiver, trustee, conservator, intervenor or sequestrator or the like has been appointed for such Bank or its Parent Company, or such Bank or its Parent Company has taken any action in furtherance of or indicating its consent to or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment. “ Bank of America ” means Bank of America, N.A. “ Base Rate ” means, for any date during any Interest Period or any other period, a fluctuating interest rate per annum as shall be in effect from time to time which rate per annum shall at all times be equal to the highest of: (a) the rate of interest announced publicly by Citibank in New York, New York, and in effect on such date, as Citibank’s base rate; and (b) the sum (adjusted to the nearest 1/4 of one percent or, if there is no nearest 1/4 of one percent, to the next higher 1/4 of one percent) of (i) 1/2 of one percent per annum, plus (ii) the rate per annum obtained by dividing (A) the latest three-week moving average of secondary market morning offering rates in the United States for three-month certificates of deposit of major United States money market banks, such three-week moving average being determined weekly on each Monday (or, if any such day is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day) for the three-week period ending on the previous Friday by Citibank on the basis of such rates reported by certificate of deposit dealers to and published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or, if such publication shall be suspended or terminated, on the basis of quotations for such rates received by Citibank from three New York certificate of deposit dealers of recognized standing selected by Citibank by (B) a percentage equal to 100% minus the average of the daily percentages specified during such three-week period by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor) for determining the maximum reserve requirement (including, but not limited to, any emergency, 4 supplemental or other marginal reserve requirement) for Citibank in respect of liabilities consisting of or including (among other liabilities) three-month U.S. dollar nonpersonal time deposits in the United States, plus (iii) the average during such three-week period of the annual assessment rates estimated by Citibank for determining the then current annual assessment payable by Citibank to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (or any successor) for insuring U.S. dollar deposits of Citibank in the United States; and (c) 1/2 of one percent above the Federal Funds Rate as in effect on such date; and (d) as long as none of the conditions described in Section 2.10(c) or (d) shall exist, the Eurocurrency Rate for a Borrowing in Dollars on such date for a one-month Interest Period (or if such date is not a Business Day, on the preceding Business Day) plus 1%; provided that , for the avoidance of doubt, the Eurocurrency Rate for any day shall be based on the Reuters Screen LIBOR01 Page (or on any successor or substitute page) at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) on such day. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Base Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. “ Base Rate Advance ” means an Advance in Dollars which bears interest as provided in Section 2.07(a) . “ Board of Directors ” means either the board of directors of a Borrower or any duly authorized committee of that board. “ Borrower ” means each of Caterpillar, CFSC, CIF and CFKK, and “ Borrowers ” means all of the foregoing. “ Borrower Agent ” has the meaning specified in Section 8.09 . “ Borrowing ” means a Revolving Credit Borrowing, a Local Currency Borrowing, a Japan Local Currency Borrowing or a borrowing composed of Term Loan Advances. “ BTMU ” means The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd. “ Business Day ” means a day of the year (i) on which banks are not required or authorized to close in New York City or Chicago, Illinois, (ii) if the applicable Business Day relates to any Eurocurrency Rate Advance, on which dealings are carried on in the London interbank market, (iii) if the applicable Business Day relates to any Eurocurrency Rate Advance in Euro or any other Agreed Currency other than Dollars or Pounds Sterling, a day on which dealings are carried on in the London interbank market and on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET) System is operating or, as the case may be, on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the principal financial center for the Agreed Currency concerned, and (iv) if the applicable Business Day relates to a Japan Local Currency Advance, on which banks are generally open in Tokyo for 5 the conduct of substantially all of their commercial lending activities and on which dealings in Japanese Yen are carried on in the Tokyo interbank market. “ Capitalization ” means, as at any date, the sum of (i) Caterpillar Consolidated Debt at such date, plus (ii) stockholders’ equity (including preferred stock) of Caterpillar at such date. “ Caterpillar Consolidated Debt ” means, as at any date, the aggregate Debt of Caterpillar and its Subsidiaries (other than CFSC) at such date. “ Caterpillar Purchase Claims ” means the outstanding liens on or claims against or in respect of any of the accounts receivable of Caterpillar or any of its Subsidiaries (excluding CFSC and CFSC’s Subsidiaries) arising out of the sale or securitization by Caterpillar or any of its Subsidiaries (excluding CFSC and CFSC’s Subsidiaries) of such accounts receivable. “ CDS Cap ” means, as of any date, a rate per annum determined in accordance with Schedule II attached hereto. “ CDS Floor ” means, as of any date, a rate per annum determined in accordance with Schedule II attached hereto. “ CFKK Event of Default ” means an Event of Default with respect to CFKK. “ CFSC Consolidated Debt ” means, for any period of determination, the aggregate Debt of CFSC and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis for such period. The calculation of CFSC Consolidated Debt shall exclude any non-recourse secured borrowings related to the securitization of accounts receivable which have been legally sold to a bankruptcy remote special purpose vehicle. For purposes of this definition, retained interest in a securitization is not considered “recourse”. “ CFSC Event of Default ” means an Event of Default with respect to CFSC. “ CFSC Guaranty ” means the guaranty by CFSC of the obligations of (a) CIF under this Agreement and the Local Currency Addendum and (b) CFKK under this Agreement and the Japan Local Currency Addendum, which guaranty is contained in Article IX . “ CFSC Purchase Claims ” means the outstanding liens on or claims against or in respect of any of the accounts receivable of CFSC or any of its Subsidiaries arising out of the sale or securitization by CFSC or any such Subsidiaries of such accounts receivable. “ CGMI ” means Citigroup Global Markets Inc. “ Change of Control ” means (a) with respect to CFSC, that Caterpillar shall cease to own free and clear of all liens, claims, security interests or other encumbrances, 100% of the outstanding shares of voting stock of CFSC on a fully diluted basis, (b) with respect to CIF, that CFSC shall cease to own, free and clear of all liens, claims, security interests or other encumbrances, directly or indirectly through a wholly-owned Subsidiary of CFSC, 100% of the outstanding shares of voting stock of CIF on a fully diluted basis and (c) with respect to CFKK, 6 that either (i) CFSC and Caterpillar, in the aggregate, shall cease to own, free and clear of all liens, claims, security interests or other encumbrances, directly or indirectly through one or more Subsidiaries of CFSC or Caterpillar, 90% or more of the outstanding shares of voting of stock of CFKK on a fully diluted basis or (ii) CFSC shall cease to own, free and clear of all liens, claims, security interests or other encumbrances, directly or indirectly through one or more of its Subsidiaries, 80% or more of the outstanding shares of voting stock of CFKK on a fully diluted basis. “ CIF Event of Default ” means an Event of Default with respect to CIF. “ Closing Date ” means September 7, 2017. “ Co-Syndication Agents ” means Bank of America and JPMorgan. “ Code ” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. “ Commitment ” means, for each Bank, the obligation of such Bank to make (a) Revolving Credit Advances, (b) if it is a Local Currency Bank, Local Currency Advances and (c) if it is a Japan Local Currency Bank, Japan Local Currency Advances, in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Bank’s name under the “Commitment” heading on Schedule I hereto, or on the signature page of the Assignment and Acceptance or Assumption and Acceptance by which it became a Bank hereunder, as such amount may be increased or reduced pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. “ Commitment Fee ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(a) . “ Commitment Fee Rate ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(a) . “ Communications ” means each notice, demand, communication, information, document and other material provided for hereunder or under the Local Currency Addendum or the Japan Local Currency Addendum or otherwise transmitted between the parties hereto relating to this Agreement, the Local Currency Addendum or the Japan Local Currency Addendum, any Borrower or its Affiliates, or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Local Currency Addendum or the Japan Local Currency Addendum, including, without limitation, all Approved Electronic Communications. “ Consolidated Net Tangible Assets ” means as of any particular time, for any Borrower, the aggregate amount of assets after deducting therefrom (a) all current liabilities, (b) any current liability which has been reclassified as a long-term liability because such liability by its terms is extendable or renewable at the option of the obligor thereon to a time more than 12 months after the time as of which the amount thereof is being computed, and (c) all goodwill, excess of cost over assets acquired, patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade names, unamortized debt discount and expense and other like intangibles, all as shown in the most recent consolidated financial statements of such Borrower and its Subsidiaries prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 7 “ Consolidated Net Worth ” means as at any date, (i) for Caterpillar, the consolidated stockholders’ equity (including preferred stock but excluding “Pension and other post-retirement benefits” that are reflected in “Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (loss)”) of Caterpillar at such date, and (ii) for CFSC, the stockholders’ equity (including preferred stock but excluding “Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income” and non-controlling interests as defined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles) of CFSC on such date. “ Control ” means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. “ Controlling ” and “ Controlled ” have meanings correlative thereto. “ Convert ”, “ Conversion ”, and “ Converted ” each refer to a conversion of Advances of one Type into Advances of another Type pursuant to Section 2.03(a) , 2.10 , or 2.15(a) . “ Credit Rating ” means, at any time, with respect to Caterpillar or CFSC, the credit rating on such Borrower’s long-term senior unsecured debt then most recently publicly announced by either Moody’s or S&P, and “ Credit Ratings ” means with respect to each such Borrower, such credit ratings from both Moody’s and S&P. In the case of each of CFKK and CIF, “Credit Rating” and “Credit Ratings” mean, at any time, the Credit Rating and Credit Ratings of CFSC at such time, as determined pursuant to the preceding sentence. “ Current Termination Date ” means, with respect to any Bank at any time, September 6, 2018 or such later date to which the “Current Termination Date” shall then have been extended with the consent of such Bank pursuant to Section 2.16 . “ Debt ” means (i) indebtedness for borrowed money, (ii) obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments, (iii) obligations to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services, (iv) obligations as lessee under leases which shall have been or should be, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, recorded as capital leases, (v) obligations under direct or indirect guaranties in respect of, and obligations (contingent or otherwise) to purchase or otherwise acquire, or otherwise to assure a creditor against loss in respect of, indebtedness or obligations of others of the kinds referred to in clauses (i) through (iv) above, and (vi) liabilities in respect of unfunded vested benefits under Plans covered by Title IV of ERISA; provided , however , for purposes of Sections 5.03 and 5.04(a) and (b) only, clause (vi) above shall include only those liabilities of the applicable Borrower and all ERISA Affiliates for such Borrower’s then current fiscal year (and, if such liabilities are still outstanding, for prior fiscal years) to (a) all single employer plans (as defined in Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA) to meet the minimum funding standard requirements of Section 412(a) of the Code (without regard to any waiver under Section 412(c) of the Code) and (b) all multiemployer plans (as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA) for all required contributions and payments. “ Debtor Relief Laws ” means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, 8 moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, examinership or similar debtor relief laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. “ Defaulting Bank ” means, at any time, subject to Section 2.18(d) , (i) any Bank that has failed for two or more consecutive Business Days to comply with its obligations under this Agreement to make available its ratable portion of a Borrowing (each, a “ funding obligation ”), unless such Bank has notified the Agent and a Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Bank’s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding has not been satisfied (which conditions precedent, together with the applicable default, if any, will be specifically identified in such writing), (ii) any Bank that has notified the Agent or a Borrower in writing, or has stated publicly, that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, unless such writing or statement states that such position is based on such Bank’s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding cannot be satisfied (which conditions precedent, together with the applicable default, if any, will be specifically identified in such writing or public statement), (iii) any Bank that has, for three or more Business Days after written request of the Agent or a Borrower, failed to confirm in writing to the Agent and the Borrowers that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder (provided that such Bank shall cease to be a Defaulting Bank pursuant to this clause (iii) upon the Agent’s and the Borrowers’ receipt of such written confirmation), (iv) any Bank with respect to which a Bank Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing with respect to such Bank or its Parent Company, or (v) any Bank that has become the subject of a Bail-In Action; provided that a Bank shall not be a Defaulting Bank solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in such Bank or its Parent Company by a Governmental Authority or an instrumentality thereof. Any determination by the Agent that a Bank is a Defaulting Bank under any of clauses (i) through (v) above will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Bank will be deemed to be a Defaulting Bank (subject to Section 2.18(d) ) upon notification of such determination by the Agent to the Borrowers and the Banks. The Agent will promptly send to all parties hereto a copy of any notice to the Borrowers provided for in this definition. “ Designated Persons ” means a Person: (i) listed in the annex to, or otherwise the subject of the provisions of, any Executive Order; (ii) named as a “Specially Designated National and Blocked Person” on the most current list published by OFAC at its official website or any replacement website or other replacement official publication of such list (or given a similar designation by an applicable Governmental Authority in Ireland or Japan) (each, an “ SDN ”), or is otherwise the subject of any Sanctions Laws and Regulations; or (iii) in which an SDN has 50% or greater ownership interest or that is otherwise controlled by an SDN. “ Dollar Amount ” means, for any currency at any date (i) the amount of such currency if such currency is Dollars or (ii) the Equivalent Amount of Dollars if such currency is any currency other than Dollars. 9 “ Dollars ” and the sign “ $ ” each means lawful money of the United States of America. “ Domestic Lending Office ” means, with respect to any Bank, the office of such Bank specified as its “ Domestic Lending Office ” on its respective signature page hereto or such other office of such Bank as such Bank may from time to time specify to the Borrowers and the Agent. “ Earlier Termination Date ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(c) . “ EEA Financial Institution ” means (a) any institution established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. “ EEA Member Country ” means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. “ EEA Resolution Authority ” means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. “ Eligible Currency ” means any currency other than Dollars with respect to which the Agent or a Borrower has not given notice in accordance with Section 2.15(a) and that is readily available, freely traded, in which deposits are customarily offered to banks in the London interbank market, convertible into Dollars in the international interbank market, available to the Banks in such market and as to which an Equivalent Amount may be readily calculated. If, after the designation by the Banks of any currency as an Agreed Currency or Local Currency: (i) currency control or other exchange regulations are imposed in the country or jurisdiction in which such currency is issued with the result that different types of such currency are introduced, or such currency is, in the determination of the Agent, no longer readily available or freely traded, then the Agent shall promptly notify the Banks and the Borrowers, and such currency shall no longer be an Agreed Currency or Local Currency until such time as the Disqualifying Event no longer exists, and the Borrowers shall be permitted to repay all Advances in such currency in Dollars; (ii) in the determination of the Agent, in consultation with Bank of America and JPMorgan, an Equivalent Amount with respect to such currency is not readily calculable, then the Agent shall promptly notify the Banks and the Borrowers, and such currency shall no longer be an Agreed Currency or Local Currency until such time as the Disqualifying Event no longer exists; or 10 (iii) each of the Disqualifying Events described in clauses (i) and (ii) above exist, then the Borrowers shall repay all Advances in such currency to which the Disqualifying Events apply within fifteen (15) Business Days of receipt of such notice from the Agent. Each of the events described in clauses (i) and (ii) above shall be referred to herein as a “ Disqualifying Event ”. “ Eligible Financial Institution ” means, as of the date of any assignment as contemplated in Section 8.07(a)(i) , a commercial bank or financial institution (i) with a credit rating on its long-term senior unsecured debt of either (a) “AA-” or better from S&P or (b) “Aa3” or better from Moody’s; and (ii) having shareholders’ equity of not less than $5,000,000,000. “ Equivalent Amount ” means, for any currency with respect to any amount of Dollars at any date, the equivalent in such currency of such amount of Dollars, calculated on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the buy and sell spot rates of exchange of the Agent, the Local Currency Agent or the Japan Local Currency Agent, as applicable (by reference to an appropriate Reuters screen, Alternative Financial Information Service screen or other generally recognized financial information service selected by the Agent, the Local Currency Agent or the Japan Local Currency Agent, as applicable, in consultation with the Borrowers), in the London interbank market (or other market where the Agent’s or the Local Currency Agent’s, as applicable, foreign exchange operations in respect of such currency are then being conducted) or, in the case of Japanese Yen, in the Tokyo interbank market for such other currency at or about 11:00 a.m. (local time applicable to the transaction in question) two (2) Business Days prior to the date on which such amount is to be determined ( provided that if an Equivalent Amount is being determined with respect to (x) the making of a Local Currency Advance in Pounds Sterling or Euro, such amount shall be determined at or about 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the date of such Local Currency Advance or (y) the making of a Japan Local Currency Advance on a same-day basis, such amount shall be determined at or about 11:00 a.m. (Tokyo time) on the date of such Japan Local Currency Advance), rounded up to the nearest amount of such currency as determined by the Agent, the Local Currency Agent or the Japan Local Currency Agent, as applicable, from time to time; provided , however , that if at the time of any such determination, for any reason, no such spot rate is being quoted, the Agent or the Local Currency Agent (or the Japan Local Currency Agent, if applicable) may use any reasonable method it deems appropriate (after consultation with the Borrowers) to determine such amount, and such determination shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. “ ERISA ” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. “ ERISA Affiliate ” means each trade or business (whether or not incorporated) which, together with a Borrower or a Subsidiary of such Borrower, would be deemed to be a “single employer” within the meaning of Section 4001 of ERISA. “ ERISA Termination Event ” means (i) a “Reportable Event” described in Section 4043 of ERISA and the regulations issued thereunder (other than a “Reportable Event” not subject to the provision for 30-day notice to the PBGC under such regulations), or (ii) the 11 withdrawal of a Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates from a “single employer” Plan during a plan year in which it was a “substantial employer”, both of such terms as defined in Section 4001(a) of ERISA, or (iii) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate a Plan or the treatment of a Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041 of ERISA, or (iv) the institution of proceedings to terminate a Plan by the PBGC or (v) any other event or condition which might constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Plan or (vi) the partial or complete withdrawal of a Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of such Borrower from a “multiemployer plan” as defined in Section 4001(a) of ERISA. “ EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule ” means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. “ Euro ” means the Euro referred to in the Council Regulation E.C. No. 1103/97 dated 17 June 1997 passed by the Council of the European Union, or, if different, the then lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that participate in the third stage of the Economic and Monetary Union. “ Eurocurrency Base Rate ” means, with respect to a Eurocurrency Rate Advance for the relevant Interest Period: (a) for any Eurocurrency Rate Advance in any Agreed Currency other than Euro: the applicable ICE Benchmark Administration (or any successor entity) Interest Settlement Rate for deposits in the Agreed Currency appearing on Reuters Screen LIBOR01 Page (or other applicable Screen for such Agreed Currency) as of 11:00 a.m. (London time) two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (or on the first day of such Interest Period, in the case of a Same Day Local Currency Advance or any Local Currency Advance made in Pounds Sterling), and having a maturity equal to such Interest Period; provided , that (i) if Reuters Screen LIBOR01 Page is not available to the Agent for any reason, the applicable Eurocurrency Base Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall instead be the applicable ICE Benchmark Administration (or any successor entity) Interest Settlement Rate for deposits in the Agreed Currency as reported by any other generally recognized financial information service selected by the Agent in consultation with the Borrowers as of 11:00 a.m. (London time) two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (or on the first day of such Interest Period, in the case of a Same Day Local Currency Advance or any Local Currency Advance made in Pounds Sterling), and having a maturity equal to such Interest Period, and (ii) if no such ICE Benchmark Administration (or any successor entity) Interest Settlement Rate is available to the Agent, the applicable Eurocurrency Base Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall instead be the applicable interest settlement rate for deposits in the Agreed Currency as reported by an Alternative Financial Information Service as of 11:00 a.m. (London time) two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (or on the first day of such Interest Period, in the case of a Same Day Local Currency Advance or any Local Currency Advance made in Pounds Sterling), and having a maturity equal to such Interest Period; provided , further , that, if such rate is below zero, it will be deemed to be zero; and 12 (b) for any Eurocurrency Rate Advance in Euro: the interest rate per annum equal to the rate determined by the Agent to be the rate at which deposits in Euro appear on Reuters Screen EURIBOR01 (or any successor page) as of 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the date that is two (2) TARGET Settlement Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period (or on the first day of such Interest Period, in the case of a Same Day Local Currency Advance), and having a maturity equal to such Interest Period; provided , that if such rate does not appear on Reuters Screen EURIBOR01 (or any successor page), the applicable Eurocurrency Base Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall instead be the applicable interest settlement rate for deposits in Euro as reported by an Alternative Financial Information Service as of 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) two (2) TARGET Settlement Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period (or on the first day of such Interest Period, in the case of a Same Day Local Currency Advance), and having a maturity equal to such Interest Period; provided , further , that, if such rate is below zero, it will be deemed to be zero. For purposes of this Agreement, “TARGET Settlement Day” means any Business Day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET) System is open. Any Eurocurrency Base Rate determined on the basis of the rate displayed on a Reuters Screen or an Alternative Financial Information Service in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this subparagraph shall be subject to corrections, if any, made in such rate and displayed by the Reuters Service or such Alternative Financial Information Service within one hour of the time when such rate is first displayed by such service; provided , that, if such rate is below zero, it will be deemed to be zero. “ Eurocurrency Lending Office ” means, with respect to any Bank, the office of such Bank specified as its “Eurocurrency Lending Office” on its respective signature page hereto (or, if no such office is specified, its Domestic Lending Office), or such other office of such Bank as such Bank may from time to time specify to the Borrowers and the Agent. A Bank may specify different offices for its Advances denominated in Dollars and its Advances denominated in other Agreed Currencies, respectively, and the term “Eurocurrency Lending Office” shall refer to any or all such offices, collectively, as the context may require when used in respect of such Bank. “ Eurocurrency Liabilities ” has the meaning assigned to that term in Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as in effect from time to time. “ Eurocurrency Rate ” means, with respect to a Revolving Credit Advance, a Local Currency Advance or a Term Loan Advance for the relevant Interest Period, an interest rate obtained by dividing (i) the Eurocurrency Base Rate applicable to such Interest Period by (ii) a percentage equal to 100% minus the Eurocurrency Rate Reserve Percentage, such Eurocurrency Rate to be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in the Eurocurrency Rate Reserve Percentage; provided , that if such rate is below zero, it will be deemed to be zero. “ Eurocurrency Rate Advance ” means a Revolving Credit Advance or a Term Loan Advance denominated in Dollars or in an Agreed Currency which bears interest as 13 provided in Section 2.07(b) or a Local Currency Advance which bears interest as provided in Section 2.07(b) and the Local Currency Addendum. “ Eurocurrency Rate Reserve Percentage ” means, for any date: (a) in the case of any Revolving Credit Advance or Term Loan Advance, that percentage (expressed as a decimal) which is in effect on such date, as prescribed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for determining the maximum reserve requirement (including, without limitation, any emergency, supplemental or other marginal reserve requirement) for a member bank of the Federal Reserve System in New York City with deposits exceeding five billion dollars in respect of Eurocurrency Liabilities having a term equal to the applicable Interest Period (or in respect of any other category of liabilities which includes deposits by reference to which the interest rate on Eurocurrency Rate Advances is determined or any category of extensions of credit or other assets which includes loans by a non-United States office of any bank to United States residents); or (b) in the case of any Local Currency Advance, that percentage (expressed as a decimal (or, an amount expressed as a decimal percentage)) calculated by the Local Currency Agent (in consultation with the Borrowers) of the cost of the Local Currency Banks complying with the minimum reserve requirements of the Bank of England, the Financial Conduct Authority and/or the Prudential Regulation Authority, the European Central Bank or any other applicable Governmental Authority. “ Events of Default ” has the meaning specified in Section 6.01 . “ Executive Order ” is defined in the definition of “Sanctions Laws and Regulations”. “ Extended Termination Date ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(c) . “ Extension Confirmation Date ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(b) . “ Extension Confirmation Notice ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(b) . “ Extension Request ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(a) . “ Facility Termination Date ” means the earlier to occur of (i) the Current Termination Date then in effect, or, if the Term Loan Election has been exercised, the Term Loan Repayment Date, and (ii) the date of termination in whole of the Commitments pursuant to Section 2.05(a) or 6.01 . “ FATCA ” means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code. 14 “ Federal Funds Rate ” means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal for each day during such period to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the next preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. “ Governmental Authority ” means any federal, state, municipal, national or other government, governmental department, commission, board, bureau, court, agency or instrumentality or political subdivision thereof or any entity, officer or examiner exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to any government or any court, in each case whether associated with a state of the United States, the United States, or a foreign entity or government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). “ Information Memorandum ” means the Confidential Information Memorandum dated July 2017 in the form approved by the Borrowers concerning the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries which, at the Borrowers’ request and on their behalf, was prepared in relation to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and distributed by the Arranger to selected financial institutions before the date of this Agreement. “ Insignificant Subsidiary ” means, on any date, any Subsidiary of Caterpillar or CFSC whose aggregate asset value, as reasonably calculated by Caterpillar in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, is at less than or equal to $50,000,000 on such date. “ Interest Expense ” means, for any period of determination, all interest (without duplication), whether paid in cash or accrued as a liability, attributable to CFSC Consolidated Debt (including imputed interest on any capital lease of CFSC or its Subsidiaries) in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. “ Interest Period ” means, for each Advance comprising part of the same Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Advance, or the date of the Conversion, continuation or Redenomination, as applicable, of such Advance, and ending on the last day of the period selected by a Borrower pursuant to the provisions below. The duration of each such Interest Period shall be (a) in the case of a Base Rate Advance or a Japan Base Rate Advance, 30 days and (b) in the case of a Eurocurrency Rate Advance or a TIBO Rate Advance, 1, 2, 3 or 6 months, in each case as a Borrower may, in the Notice of Borrowing requesting such Advance, select; provided , however , that: (i) the duration of any Interest Period which would otherwise end after the Revolving Credit Termination Date, or, in the case of a Term Loan Advance, the Term Loan Repayment Date, shall end on the Revolving Credit Termination Date, or, in the case of a Term Loan Advance, the Term Loan Repayment Date; (ii) Interest Periods commencing on the same date for Advances comprising part of the same Borrowing shall be of the same duration; and 15 (iii) whenever the last day of any Interest Period would otherwise occur on a day other than a Business Day, the last day of such Interest Period shall be extended to occur on the next succeeding Business Day, provided , in the case of any Interest Period for a Eurocurrency Rate Advance or a TIBO Rate Advance, that if such extension would cause the last day of such Interest Period to occur in the next following calendar month, the last day of such Interest Period shall occur on the next preceding Business Day. “ Japan Base Rate ” means, for any Interest Period or any other period, a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal to the rate of interest announced publicly by BTMU in Tokyo, Japan, from time to time, as BTMU’s short-term base rate. “ Japan Base Rate Advance ” means a Japan Local Currency Advance which bears interest as provided in Section 2.07(a) . “ Japan Local Currency Addendum ” means the local currency addendum dated as of the date hereof among CFKK, CFSC, the Japan Local Currency Banks named therein, the Japan Local Currency Agent and the Agent, substantially in the form of Exhibit G-2 . “ Japan Local Currency Advance ” means any Advance in Japanese Yen, made to CFKK pursuant to Sections 2.03C and 2.03D and the Japan Local Currency Addendum. “ Japan Local Currency Agent ” means BTMU, as agent under the Japan Local Currency Addendum, or any successor agent under the Japan Local Currency Addendum. “ Japan Local Currency Bank ” means each Bank (or any Affiliate, branch or agency thereof) party to the Japan Local Currency Addendum. In the event any agency, branch or Affiliate of a Bank shall be party to the Japan Local Currency Addendum, such agency, branch or Affiliate shall, to the extent of any commitment extended and any Advances made by it, have all the rights of such Bank hereunder; provided , however , that, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, such Bank shall continue, to the exclusion of such agency or Affiliate, to have all the voting and consensual rights vested in it by the terms hereof. “ Japan Local Currency Borrowing ” means a borrowing comprised of simultaneous Japan Local Currency Advances made to CFKK by each of the Japan Local Currency Banks pursuant to Sections 2.03C and 2.03D and the Japan Local Currency Addendum. “ Japan Local Currency Commitment ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.03C(a) . “ Japanese Yen ” means the lawful currency of Japan. “ Joint Fee Letter ” means the Joint Fee Letter, dated July 17, 2017, among the Borrowers, Citibank, Bank of America, JPMorgan, and the Arrangers. “ JPMorgan ” means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. “ Leverage Ratio ” has the meaning specified in Section 5.04(a) . 16 “ Local Currency ” means (i) only so long as such currency remains an Eligible Currency, Pounds Sterling or Euro and (ii) any other Agreed Currency which CIF requests the applicable Local Currency Banks to include as a Local Currency hereunder and which is reasonably acceptable to each such Local Currency Bank. “ Local Currency Addendum ” means the local currency addendum dated as of the date hereof among CIF, CFSC, the Local Currency Banks named therein, the Local Currency Agent and the Agent, substantially in the form of Exhibit G-1. “ Local Currency Advance ” means any Advance in a Local Currency, made to CIF pursuant to Sections 2.03A and 2.03B and the Local Currency Addendum. “ Local Currency Agent ” means Citibank Europe plc, UK Branch, as agent under the Local Currency Addendum, or any successor agent under the Local Currency Addendum. “ Local Currency Bank ” means each Bank (or any affiliate, branch or agency thereof) party to the Local Currency Addendum. In the event any agency, branch or affiliate of a Bank shall be party to the Local Currency Addendum, such agency, branch or affiliate shall, to the extent of any commitment extended and any Advances made by it, have all the rights of such Bank hereunder; provided , however , that, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, such Bank shall continue to the exclusion of such agency or Affiliate to have all the voting and consensual rights vested in it by the terms hereof. “ Local Currency Borrowing ” means a borrowing comprised of simultaneous Local Currency Advances made to CIF by each of the Local Currency Banks pursuant to Sections 2.03A and 2.03B and the Local Currency Addendum. “ Local Currency Commitment ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.03A(a) . “ Majority Banks ” means at any time Banks holding more than 50% of the Commitments, or if the Commitments have been terminated, Banks holding more than 50% of the then aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Advances. “ Majority Japan Local Currency Banks ” means Japan Local Currency Banks holding more than 50% of the Japan Local Currency Commitments. “ Majority Local Currency Banks ” means Local Currency Banks holding more than 50% of the Local Currency Commitments. “ Margin Stock ” has the meaning set forth in Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as in effect from time to time. “ Market Rate Spread ” means, for any Advance for any Interest Period, the rate per annum equal to the one-year credit default swap mid-rate spread of (a) Caterpillar in the case of any Advance made to Caterpillar or (b) CFSC in the case of any Advance made to CFSC, CIF or CFKK, as provided by the Quotation Agency for the one-year period beginning on the Rate Set Date (as defined below), appearing on the Quotation Agency’s website as of 12:00 noon (New York City time) or otherwise delivered by the Quotation Agency to the Agent, in each case 17 two Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (the “ Rate Set Date ”); provided , that (a) at all times prior to the Term Loan Effective Date, the Market Rate Spread shall in no event be (x) less than the CDS Floor or (y) greater than the CDS Cap and (b) on and after the Term Loan Effective Date, the Market Rate Spread shall equal the CDS Cap; provided , further , that in the event that the Market Rate Spread is not available from the Quotation Agency on the Rate Set Date for any Interest Period, the Market Rate Spread for such Interest Period shall be the CDS Cap. “ Moody’s ” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. or any successor thereto, and if Moody’s ceases to issue ratings of the type described herein with respect to the Borrowers, then the Borrowers and the Agent, with the consent of the Majority Banks, shall agree upon a mutually acceptable replacement debt rating agency and shall further agree, upon determination of such replacement agency, to determine appropriate equivalent ratings levels to replace those contained herein. “ Net Gain/(Loss) From Interest Rate Derivatives ” has the meaning as reflected in the financial caption Other income(expense), in CFSC’s Consolidated Statement of Profit as compiled under generally accepted accounting principles. “ Non-Defaulting Bank ” means, at any time, a Bank that is not a Defaulting Bank. “ Non-Same Day Local Currency Advances ” means Local Currency Advances other than Same Day Local Currency Advances. “ Note ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.02(f) . “ Notice of Allocation ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(b) . “ Notice of Bank Addition ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c) . “ Notice of Borrowing ” means a Notice of Local Currency Borrowing, a Notice of Japan Local Currency Borrowing or a Notice of Revolving Credit Borrowing, as applicable. “ Notice of Japan Local Currency Borrowing ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.03D(a) . “ Notice of Local Currency Borrowing ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.03B(a) . “ Notice of Revolving Credit Borrowing ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.02(a) . “ OFAC ” is defined in the definition of “Sanctions Laws and Regulations”. “ Other Credit Agreements ” means (a) that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Five-Year Facility), dated as of September 10, 2015, among the Borrowers, as borrowers thereunder, certain financial institutions party thereto, BTMU, as Japan Local Currency Agent, Citibank Europe plc, UK Branch, as Local Currency Agent, and Citibank, as 18 agent for such banks, and (b) that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Three-Year Facility), dated as of September 10, 2015, among the Borrowers, as borrowers thereunder, certain financial institutions party thereto, BTMU, as Japan Local Currency Agent, Citibank Europe plc, UK Branch, as Local Currency Agent, and Citibank, as agent for such banks, in each case, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. “ Parent Company ” means, with respect to a Bank, the bank holding company (as defined in Federal Reserve Board Regulation Y), if any, of such Bank and/or any Person owning, beneficially or of record, directly or indirectly, a majority of the shares of such Bank. “ Payment Office ” means (a) with respect to Advances other than Same Day Local Currency Advances and Japan Local Currency Advances, (i) for Dollars, the principal office of Citibank in New York City, located on the date hereof at 399 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10043, (ii) for any other Agreed Currency, the office of Citibank located on the date hereof at 1615 Brett Road, Building No. 3, New Castle, Delaware 19720; (b) with respect to Same Day Local Currency Advances, the office of the Local Currency Agent set forth in the Local Currency Addendum; and (c) with respect to any Japan Local Currency Advance, the office of the Japan Local Currency Agent set forth in the Japan Local Currency Addendum, or in any case, such other office of the Agent, the Local Currency Agent or the Japan Local Currency Agent, as applicable, as shall be from time to time selected by it by written notice to the Borrowers and the Banks. “ PBGC ” means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, or any successor thereto. “ Person ” means an individual, partnership, corporation (including a business trust), limited liability company, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture or other entity, or a government or any political subdivision or agency thereof. “ Plan ” means any multiemployer plan or single employer plan, as defined in Section 4001 and subject to Title IV of ERISA, which is maintained, or at any time during the five calendar years preceding the date of this Agreement was maintained, for employees of a Borrower or a Subsidiary of such Borrower or an ERISA Affiliate. “ Pounds Sterling ” means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. “ Prior Agreement ” means that certain Credit Agreement (2016 364-Day Facility), dated as of September 8, 2016, among Caterpillar, CFSC, CFKK and CIF, as borrowers, the financial institutions party thereto, BTMU, as Japan Local Currency Agent, Citibank Europe plc, UK Branch, as Local Currency Agent, and Citibank, as agent for such financial institutions. “ Purchase Claims ” means Caterpillar Purchase Claims or CFSC Purchase Claims, or both, as applicable. “ Quotation Agency ” means Markit Group Limited or any successor thereto. 19 “ Redenominate ,” “ Redenomination ” and “ Redenominated ” each refer to the redenomination of Term Loan Advances comprising all or part of the same Borrowing from an Agreed Currency to Dollars or from Dollars to another Agreed Currency, or the continuation of such Advances in the same Agreed Currency, in each case pursuant to Section 2.03(b) , 2.10 or 2.15 . “ Register ” has the meaning specified in Section 8.07(c) . “ Related Parties ” means, with respect to any Person, such Person’s Affiliates and such Person’s and such Person’s Affiliates’ respective managers, administrators, members, trustees, partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, fund managers and advisors. “ Restricting Information ” means material non-public information with respect to any of the Borrowers or their securities. “ Revolving Credit Advance ” means an advance by a Bank to a Borrower as part of a Revolving Credit Borrowing and refers to a Base Rate Advance or a Eurocurrency Rate Advance, each of which shall be a “ Type ” of Advance. “ Revolving Credit Borrowing ” means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Revolving Credit Advances of the same Type made to a Borrower by each of the Banks pursuant to Section 2.01 . “ Revolving Credit Commitment ” means, for each Bank, the obligation of such Bank to make Revolving Credit Advances and, if such Bank is a Local Currency Bank, Non-Same Day Local Currency Advances, in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Bank’s name under the “Revolving Credit Commitment” heading on Schedule I hereto, or on the signature page of the Assignment and Acceptance or Assumption and Acceptance by which it became a Bank hereunder, as such amount may be increased or reduced pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; provided , however , that if such Bank’s Same Day Local Currency Commitment or Japan Local Currency Commitment is terminated in whole or in part without a corresponding reduction or termination of the Commitments, then such Bank’s Revolving Credit Commitment shall equal the sum of (x) the amount set forth as such Bank’s Revolving Credit Commitment on Schedule I to this Agreement or on such Bank’s signature page to its Assignment and Acceptance or its Assumption and Acceptance, as applicable, plus (y) the amount of such Bank’s terminated Same Day Local Currency Commitment or Japan Local Currency Commitment, as applicable. No such change shall result in a Bank’s Revolving Credit Commitment exceeding its Commitment. For each Bank that is not a Local Currency Bank or Japan Local Currency Bank, such Bank’s Revolving Credit Commitment will be equal to its Commitment. For each Bank that is Local Currency Bank or a Japan Local Currency Bank, such Bank’s Revolving Credit Commitment will be equal to its Commitment minus the sum of its Same Day Local Currency Commitment and its Japan Local Currency Commitment. “ Revolving Credit Obligations ” means, at any time, the aggregate outstanding Advances at such time minus the sum of the outstanding Same Day Local Advances and the outstanding Japan Local Currency Advances at such time. 20 “ Revolving Credit Termination Date ” means the earlier to occur of (i) the Current Termination Date then in effect and (ii) the date of termination in whole of the Commitments pursuant to Section 2.05(a) or 6.01 . “ S&P ” means Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services, a Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC business, or any successor thereto, and if S&P ceases to issue ratings of the type described herein with respect to the Borrowers, then the Borrowers and the Agent, with the consent of the Majority Banks, shall agree upon a mutually acceptable replacement debt rating agency and shall further agree, upon determination of such replacement agency, to determine appropriate equivalent ratings levels to replace those contained herein. “ Same Day Local Currency Advances ” means any Advances under the Same Day Local Currency Subfacility. “ Same Day Local Currency Commitment ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.03A(a) . “ Same Day Local Currency Subfacility ” means the subfacility under the Local Currency Addendum which provides for the Local Currency Banks to make Local Currency Advances available to CIF under the Local Currency Addendum on a same-day notice basis in an amount outstanding at any time not to exceed the Dollar Amount of $100,000,000. “ Sanctioned Country ” means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions Laws and Regulations (at the time of this Agreement, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan and Syria). “ Sanctioned Person ” means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions Laws and Regulations-related list of designated Persons maintained by OFAC, the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or any European Union member state, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country or (c) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b). “ Sanctions Laws and Regulations ” means: (i) any sanctions, prohibitions or requirements imposed by any executive order (an “ Executive Order ”) or by any sanctions program administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control (“ OFAC ”), the U.S. Department of State or the U.S. Department of Commerce; and (ii) any sanctions measures imposed by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Australia or Japan. “ Subsidiary ” means, with respect to any Borrower, a corporation more than 50% of the outstanding voting stock of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by such Borrower or by one or more other Subsidiaries, or by such Borrower and one or more other Subsidiaries. For the purposes of this definition, “voting stock” means stock which ordinarily has voting power for the 21 election of directors, whether at all times or only so long as no senior class of stock has such voting power by reason of any contingency. “ Support Agreement ” means that certain Support Agreement dated as of December 21, 1984, amended June 14, 1995, between Caterpillar and CFSC, as the same may be amended or modified in accordance with the terms of Section 5.04(c) and in effect from time to time. “ Term Loan Advance ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.17 . “ Term Loan Effective Date ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.17 . “ Term Loan Election ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.17 . “ Term Loan Election Fee ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.17 . “ Term Loan Repayment Date ” means, upon the exercise by the Borrowers of the Term Loan Election, the date which is one year after the Current Termination Date in effect on the date of the election of the Term Loan Election. “ TIBO Rate ” means, with respect to a TIBO Rate Advance for the relevant Interest Period, the applicable Japanese Yen TIBOR interest rate displayed by the Japan Bankers’ Association on Reuters Screen 58143 (or other applicable screen for Japanese Yen) as of 11:00 a.m. (Tokyo time) two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, and having a maturity equal to such Interest Period; provided , however , that if Reuters Screen 58143 is not available to the Japan Local Currency Agent for any reason, the applicable TIBO Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall instead be the rate determined by the Japan Local Currency Agent as the arithmetic average (rounded upward, if necessary, to an integral multiple of 1/16 of 1%) of the rates per annum (or the rate per annum, in the event there is only one Japan Local Currency Bank) reported to the Japan Local Currency Agent by each Japan Local Currency Bank as the rate at which such Japan Local Currency Bank offers to place deposits in Japanese Yen with leading banks in the Tokyo interbank market at approximately 11:00 a.m. (Tokyo time) two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, in the approximate amount of such Japan Local Currency Bank’s relevant TIBO Rate Advance and having a maturity equal to such Interest Period; provided , further , that if such rate is below zero, it will be deemed to be zero. “ TIBO Rate Advance ” means a Japan Local Currency Advance which bears interest at a rate based on the TIBO Rate as provided in Section 2.07(c) . “ Total Commitment ” means, at any time, the sum of all of the Banks’ Commitments at such time. “ Total Japan Local Currency Commitment ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.03C(a) . “ Total Local Currency Commitment ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.03A(a) . 22 “ Total Revolving Credit Commitment ” means, at any time, the sum of all of the Banks’ Revolving Credit Commitments at such time (which shall be an amount equal to the Total Commitment at such time minus the sum of the aggregate Dollar Amount of the Same Day Local Currency Subfacility at such time and the aggregate Dollar Amount of the Total Japan Local Currency Commitment at such time). “ Type ”, when used in reference to any Revolving Credit Advance, has the meaning specified in the definition of “Revolving Credit Advance”, when used in reference to a Japan Local Currency Advance, refers to a Japan Base Rate Advance or a TIBO Rate Advance, when used in reference to a Local Currency Advance, has the meaning specified in the definition of “Local Currency Advance” and when used in reference to a Term Loan Advance, refers to a Base Rate Advance, a Eurocurrency Rate Advance, a Japan Base Rate Advance or a TIBO Rate Advance, each of which shall be a “Type” of Advance. “ Undisclosed Administration ” means the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official by a supervisory authority or regulator with respect to a Bank under the Dutch Financial Supervision Act 2007 (as amended from time to time and including any successor legislation). “ USA Patriot Act ” means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Pub. L. No. 107-56,115 Stat. 272 (2001), as amended. “ Write-Down and Conversion Powers ” means, with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. SECTION 1.02. Computation of Time Periods . In this Agreement in the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word “from” means “from and including” and the words “to” and “until” each means “to but excluding”. SECTION 1.03. Accounting Terms . All accounting terms not specifically defined herein shall be construed in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States consistent with those applied in the preparation of the financial statements referred to in Section 4.01(e) and all references contained herein to generally accepted accounting principles shall mean United States generally accepted accounting principles. ARTICLE II AMOUNTS AND TERMS OF THE ADVANCES SECTION 2.01. The Revolving Credit Advances; Allocation of Commitments . (a) Each Bank severally agrees, on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, to make Revolving Credit Advances in any Agreed Currency to Caterpillar and CFSC from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the Closing Date until the Revolving Credit Termination Date in a Dollar Amount not to exceed such Bank’s Available 23 Revolving Credit Commitment at such time; provided , however , that at no time shall the Dollar Amount of (i) the outstanding Advances exceed the Total Commitment, (ii) the Revolving Credit Obligations exceed the Total Revolving Credit Commitment, (iii) any Bank’s Revolving Credit Advances, Local Currency Advances and Japan Local Currency Advances exceed such Bank’s Commitment, (iv) all Revolving Credit Advances to Caterpillar exceed Caterpillar’s Allocation at such time, (v) all Revolving Credit Advances to CFSC plus the Dollar Amount of all Local Currency Advances and Japan Local Currency Advances exceed CFSC’s Allocation at such time, (vi) any Bank’s Revolving Credit Advances to Caterpillar exceed such Bank’s Allocated Commitment for Caterpillar at such time, or (vii) any Bank’s Revolving Credit Advances to CFSC plus such Bank’s Local Currency Advances and Japan Local Currency Advances at such time exceed such Bank’s Allocated Commitment for CFSC at such time. Each Revolving Credit Borrowing shall be in an aggregate Dollar Amount not less than $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof and shall consist of Revolving Credit Advances of the same Type and the same Agreed Currency made on the same day to the same Borrower by the Banks ratably according to their respective Available Revolving Credit Commitments. Within the limits of each Bank’s Allocated Commitment to a Borrower, such Borrower may from time to time borrow, repay pursuant to Section 2.06 or prepay pursuant to Section 2.09 , and reborrow under this Section 2.01 . (b) The Borrowers will on the Closing Date and from time to time thereafter, but no more often than weekly, and subject to the limitation set forth below, allocate or re-allocate the Total Commitment between Caterpillar and CFSC (each such Borrower’s allocated portion of the Total Commitment at any time being such Borrower’s “ Allocation ”), in such a manner that (i) the sum of the Allocations at any time shall equal the Total Commitment at such time, (ii) each Bank’s Commitment allocable to Caterpillar and CFSC at any time (such Bank’s “ Allocated Commitment ” with respect to such Borrower) shall be an amount equal to the product of such Bank’s Commitment at such time multiplied by the Allocation Percentage for such Borrower at such time, and (iii) CFSC’s Allocation at any time shall be in an amount equal to or greater than the sum of the Total Local Currency Commitment and the Total Japan Local Currency Commitment at such time. Each such allocation or re-allocation shall be made on notice, given not later than 10:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the date of the proposed allocation or re-allocation, by the Borrower Agent to the Agent, which shall give to each Bank prompt notice thereof by facsimile or electronic mail. Each such notice of an allocation or re-allocation of the Total Commitment (a “ Notice of Allocation ”) shall be by facsimile or electronic mail, confirmed immediately in writing, in substantially the form of Exhibit B-4 hereto, specifying therein the requested (i) effective date of such allocation or re-allocation of the Total Commitment, and (ii) Allocation for each Borrower. Each Borrower’s Allocation, and each Bank’s Allocated Commitment with respect to such Borrower, shall remain in effect (i) from the Closing Date until the first Notice of Allocation becomes effective, and (ii) thereafter, from the date that the most recent Notice of Allocation became effective until the next subsequent Notice of Allocation becomes effective. (c) The Borrowers and the Agent shall furnish to the Local Currency Agent and the Japan Local Currency Agent, promptly following the making, payment or prepayment of each Revolving Credit Advance, and at any other time at the reasonable request of the Local 24 Currency Agent or the Japan Local Currency Agent, a statement setting forth the outstanding Revolving Credit Advances. SECTION 2.02. Making the Revolving Credit Advances . (a) Each Revolving Credit Borrowing shall be made on notice, given not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the date of the proposed Revolving Credit Borrowing (in the case of a Revolving Credit Borrowing comprised of Base Rate Advances), or not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the third Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Revolving Credit Borrowing (in the case of a Revolving Credit Borrowing comprised of Eurocurrency Rate Advances), by a Borrower to the Agent, which shall give to each Bank prompt notice thereof by facsimile or electronic mail. Each such notice of a Revolving Credit Borrowing (a “ Notice of Revolving Credit Borrowing ”) shall be by facsimile or electronic mail, confirmed immediately in writing, in substantially the form of Exhibit B-1 hereto, specifying therein the requested (i) Borrower, (ii) date of such Revolving Credit Borrowing, (iii) Type of Revolving Credit Advances comprising such Revolving Credit Borrowing, (iv) in the case of a proposed Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Advances, Agreed Currency of such Advances, (v) aggregate amount of such Revolving Credit Borrowing, (vi) Interest Period for the Revolving Credit Advances and (vii) account to which the proceeds of such Revolving Credit Borrowing shall be made available. In the case of each proposed Revolving Credit Borrowing, the Agent shall promptly notify each Bank of such Bank’s ratable share of such Revolving Credit Borrowing based upon the Available Revolving Credit Commitments of the Banks, and in the case of a proposed Revolving Credit Borrowing comprised of Eurocurrency Rate Advances, the Agent shall promptly notify each Bank of the applicable interest rate under Section 2.07(b) . Each Bank shall, before 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date of such Revolving Credit Borrowing, make available for the account of its Applicable Lending Office to the Agent at the applicable Payment Office, in the Agreed Currency and in same day funds, such Bank’s ratable portion of such Revolving Credit Borrowing. After the Agent’s receipt of such funds and upon fulfillment of the applicable conditions set forth in Article III , the Agent will promptly make such same day funds available to the account specified by the applicable Borrower in the Notice of Revolving Credit Borrowing. (b) Each Notice of a Revolving Credit Borrowing shall be irrevocable and binding on the Borrower submitting such Notice. In the case of any Revolving Credit Borrowing which the related Notice of Revolving Credit Borrowing specifies is to be comprised of Eurocurrency Rate Advances, the requesting Borrower shall indemnify each Bank against any loss, cost or expense incurred by such Bank as a direct result of the failure of such Borrower, for any reason other than a default by such Bank, to borrow the requested Revolving Credit Advances on the date specified in the Notice of Revolving Credit Borrowing. Such indemnification shall include, without limitation, any loss, cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by such Bank to fund the Advance to be made by such Bank as part of such Borrowing; provided , however , that any indemnification for such losses, costs and expenses shall be limited to an amount equal to (i) the principal amount of the Advance to be made by such Bank times (ii) the number of days in the requested Interest Period, divided by 360 times (iii) the interest differential between the interest rate based on the Eurocurrency Rate which would have applied to such Advance and 25 the rate of interest which would apply if such Borrower had requested on the date of the requested Revolving Credit Borrowing a Revolving Credit Borrowing comprised of Advances of the same Type and Agreed Currency for a period equal to the requested Interest Period. A certificate describing in reasonable detail the amount of such losses, costs and expenses, submitted to such Borrower and the Agent by such Bank, shall create a rebuttable presumption of such losses, costs or expenses. (c) Unless the Agent shall have received notice from a Bank prior to the time of any Revolving Credit Borrowing that such Bank will not make available to the Agent such Bank’s ratable portion of such Revolving Credit Borrowing, the Agent may assume that such Bank has made such portion available to the Agent on the date of such Revolving Credit Borrowing in accordance with subsection (a) of this Section 2.02 and the Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the applicable Borrower on such date a corresponding amount. If and to the extent that such Bank shall not have so made such ratable portion available to the Agent, such Bank and such Borrower severally agree to repay to the Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is made available to such Borrower until the date such amount is repaid to the Agent, at (i) in the case of such Borrower, the interest rate applicable at the time to Revolving Credit Advances comprising such Revolving Credit Borrowing and (ii) in the case of such Bank, the Federal Funds Rate. If such Bank shall repay to the Agent such corresponding amount, together with interest thereon as required in the immediately preceding sentence, such amount so repaid shall constitute such Bank’s Revolving Credit Advance as part of such Revolving Credit Borrowing for purposes of this Agreement and such Bank shall be entitled to all rights in respect of such Revolving Credit Advance, including the right to receive interest from the date funds in connection therewith shall have been made available to such Borrower. If such Borrower shall repay to the Agent such corresponding amount, such repayment shall not relieve such Bank from its obligation to make its ratable portion of such Revolving Credit Borrowing available to such Borrower. Nothing contained herein shall impair the right of such Borrower to the performance by any Bank of such Bank’s obligations hereunder. Subject to Section 2.18 , in the event that any Bank shall at any time fail to make its ratable portion of any Revolving Credit Borrowing available to the Agent for disbursement to such Borrower, the Agent shall make inquiry of such Bank as to the circumstances giving rise to such failure and shall promptly advise such Borrower of the response, if any, the Agent shall have received in connection with such inquiry; provided that no failure or delay on the part of the Agent to make such inquiry shall relieve such Borrower or such Bank of its obligation to repay any amount made available by the Agent to such Borrower in anticipation of receiving such Bank’s portion of such Revolving Credit Borrowing. (d) The failure of any Bank to make the Revolving Credit Advance to be made by it as part of any Revolving Credit Borrowing shall not relieve any other Bank of its obligation, if any, hereunder to make its Revolving Credit Advance on the date of such Revolving Credit Borrowing, but no Bank shall be responsible for the failure of any other Bank to make the Revolving Credit Advance to be made by such other Bank on the date of any Revolving Credit Borrowing. Nothing contained herein shall impair the rights and remedies of the Borrower requesting any Revolving Credit Borrowing against any Bank under applicable 26 law as a result of such Bank’s failure to make the Revolving Credit Advance to be made by it as part of such Revolving Credit Borrowing. (e) Any Bank may make, carry or transfer Advances at, to or for the account of, any of its branch offices or the office of an Affiliate at the Bank; provided , however , no Affiliate of any Bank shall be deemed a party to this Agreement or shall have any rights, liability or obligation under this Agreement unless such Bank and such Affiliate shall have executed and delivered, and the Agent shall have accepted, an Assignment and Acceptance in accordance with Section 8.07 , and then such Affiliate shall have rights and obligations hereunder only to the extent contemplated therein. (f) Each Bank shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrowers to such Bank resulting from each Advance made by such Bank from time to time, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Bank from time to time hereunder. The Agent shall also maintain accounts in which it will record (a) the amount of each Advance made hereunder, the Type thereof and the Interest Period with respect thereto, (b) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the applicable Borrower to each Bank hereunder and (c) the amount of any sum received by the Agent, the Local Currency Agent or the Japan Local Currency Agent, as applicable, hereunder from the applicable Borrower and each Bank’s share thereof. Entries recorded pursuant to the foregoing shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the Borrowers’ obligations; provided , however , that the failure of the Agent or any Bank to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the applicable Borrower to repay its obligations hereunder in accordance with their terms. Any Bank may request that its Revolving Credit Advances (or Term Loan Advances, if applicable) be evidenced by a promissory note in substantially the form of Exhibit A (a “ Note ”). In such event, the applicable Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Bank such Note payable to the order of such Bank. Thereafter, the Advances evidenced by such Note and interest thereon shall at all times (prior to any assignment pursuant to Section 8.07 ) be represented by one or more Notes payable to the order of the payee named therein, except to the extent that any such Bank subsequently returns any such Note for cancellation and requests that such Advances once again be evidenced as described above. SECTION 2.03. Voluntary Conversion or Continuation of Term Loan Advances . (a) Each Borrower may on any Business Day, upon notice given to the Agent not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the second Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Conversion or continuation, and subject to the provisions of Section 2.10 and the provisos in this Section 2.03(a) , Convert all or any part of the Term Loan Advances of one Type comprising the same Borrowing into Term Loan Advances of another Type or continue all or any part of the Term Loan Advances of one Type comprising the same Borrowing as Advances of the same Type; provided , however , that any such Conversion or continuation of any Eurocurrency Rate Advances or TIBO Rate Advances shall be made on, and only on, the last day of an Interest Period for such Eurocurrency Rate Advances or TIBO Rate Advances; and provided, further , that no Advance may be Converted into or continued as, a Eurocurrency Rate Advance or TIBO Rate Advance, at any time that an Event of Default or unmatured Event 27 of Default has occurred and is continuing. Any such Conversion or continuation of any Advances shall be in the minimum amounts and increments specified in Section 2.01(a), Section 2.03B or Section 2.03D , as applicable. Each such notice of a Conversion or continuation shall, within the restrictions specified above, specify (i) the date of such Conversion or continuation, (ii) the Advances to be Converted or continued, (iii) in the case of a Conversion into Eurocurrency Rate Advances, the Agreed Currency of such Advances, and (iv) the Interest Period for the Advances. No Term Loan Advance that is not a Japan Local Currency Advance may be Converted at any time into a Term Loan Advance that is a Japan Local Currency Advance, and no Term Loan Advance that is a Japan Local Currency Advance may be Converted at any time into a Term Loan Advance that is not a Japan Local Currency Advance. No Term Loan Advance that is not a Local Currency Advance may be Converted at any time into a Term Loan Advance that is a Local Currency Advance, and no Term Loan Advance that is a Local Currency Advance may be Converted at any time into a Term Loan Advance that is not a Local Currency Advance. (b) Each Borrower may, upon notice given to the Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on a Business Day at least three (3) Business Days prior to the date of the proposed Redenomination, and subject to the provisions of Section 2.10 and the provisos in this Section 2.03(b) , request that at any time all or any part of the Term Loan Advances comprising the same Borrowing be Redenominated from an Agreed Currency to Dollars or from Dollars to another Agreed Currency; provided , however , that any Redenomination shall be made on, and only on, the last day of an Interest Period for such Advances; provided , further , that any such Redenomination of Advances shall be in the minimum amounts and increments specified in Section 2.01(a) , Section 2.03B or Section 2.03D , as applicable; and provided , further , that no Advance may be Redenominated at any time that an Event of Default or unmatured Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. Each such notice of request of a Redenomination (a “ Notice of Redenomination ”) shall be by facsimile or electronic mail, confirmed immediately in writing, specifying (i) the Advances comprising the Borrowing to be Redenominated, (ii) the date of the proposed Redenomination, (iii) the currency into which such Advances are to be Redenominated, and (iv) the Interest Period for such Advances upon being so Redenominated. Subject to the provisions of Section 2.10 and of the second proviso in this Section 2.03(b) , each Advance so requested to be Redenominated will be Redenominated, on the date specified therefor in such Notice of Redenomination, into an equivalent amount thereof in the Agreed Currency requested in such Notice of Redenomination, such equivalent amount to be determined on such date in accordance with Section 2.15(b) , and, upon being so Redenominated, will have an initial Interest Period as requested in such notice of Redenomination. (c) If a Borrower shall fail to select the duration of any Interest Period for any Eurocurrency Rate Advances or TIBO Rate Advances in accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of “Interest Period” in Section 1.01 and the provisions of this Section 2.03 , or is not entitled to Convert, Redenominate or continue such Advances into or as Eurocurrency Rate Advances or TIBO Rate Advances pursuant to Section 2.03 or Section 2.10 , the Agent will forthwith so notify the Borrower and the Banks and such Advances will automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period therefor, Convert into Base Rate Advances or Japan Base Rate Advances, as applicable. 28 SECTION 2.03A. Terms of Local Currency Facility . (a) The Local Currency Addendum sets forth (i) the maximum amount (expressed in Dollar Amount) available to be borrowed from all Local Currency Banks under the Local Currency Addendum (the “ Total Local Currency Commitment ”), which shall not exceed $100,000,000, (ii) with respect to each Local Currency Bank, the maximum amount (expressed in Dollar Amount) available to be borrowed from such Local Currency Bank thereunder (such Bank’s “ Local Currency Commitment ”), and (iii) with respect to each Local Currency Bank, the maximum amount (expressed in Dollar Amount) available to be borrowed from such Local Currency Bank under the Same Day Local Currency Subfacility (such Bank’s “ Same Day Local Currency Commitment ”). In no event shall a Local Currency Bank’s Local Currency Commitment (or, if such Local Currency Bank is also a Japan Local Currency Bank, the sum of its Local Currency Commitment and its Japan Local Currency Commitment) at any time exceed such Bank’s Commitment. (b) No Local Currency Advance may be made if the Dollar Amount of (i) outstanding Local Currency Advances would exceed the Total Local Currency Commitment, (ii) any Local Currency Bank’s Local Currency Advances would exceed its Local Currency Commitment, (iii) the outstanding Advances would exceed the Total Commitment, (iv) the Revolving Credit Obligations would exceed the Total Revolving Credit Commitment, (v) any Bank’s Revolving Credit Advances, Local Currency Advances and Japan Local Currency Advances would exceed such Bank’s Commitment, (vi) all Revolving Credit Advances to CFSC plus the Dollar Amount of all Local Currency Advances and Japan Local Currency Advances would exceed CFSC’s Allocation at such time, (vii) any Bank’s Revolving Credit Advances to CFSC plus such Bank’s Local Currency Advances and Japan Local Currency Advances at such time would exceed such Bank’s Allocated Commitment for CFSC at such time, or (viii) the outstanding Same Day Local Currency Advances would exceed the Dollar Amount of the Same Day Local Currency Subfacility. (c) CIF and the Local Currency Agent shall furnish to the Agent, promptly following the making, payment or prepayment of each Local Currency Advance, and at any other time at the reasonable request of the Agent, a statement setting forth the outstanding Local Currency Advances made under the Local Currency Addendum, which statement shall also indicate the amount of the Local Currency Advances that are Same Day Local Currency Advances. (d) CIF and the Local Currency Agent shall furnish to the Agent copies of any amendment, supplement or other modification to the terms of any Local Currency Addendum promptly after the effectiveness thereof. (e) CFSC and CIF may terminate the Local Currency Addendum in their sole discretion if there are not any Advances outstanding thereunder, by written notice to the Agent, the Local Currency Agent and the Local Currency Banks, which notice shall be executed by CFSC, CIF and, if such consent is required, each Local Currency Bank. SECTION 2.03B. Making the Local Currency Advances . (a) Each Local Currency Borrowing shall be made on a Business Day upon notice given by CIF to the Agent 29 and the Local Currency Agent, such notice to be given at the time specified in the Local Currency Addendum. Each Local Currency Borrowing shall be in an aggregate Dollar Amount not less than $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof and shall consist of Local Currency Advances of the same Local Currency made on the same day to CIF by the Local Currency Banks ratably according to their respective Local Currency Commitments. The Agent (or in the case of a Same Day Local Currency Advance, the Local Currency Agent) shall give each Local Currency Bank prompt notice thereof by facsimile or electronic mail. Each such notice of a Local Currency Borrowing (a “ Notice of Local Currency Borrowing ”) shall be by facsimile or electronic mail, confirmed immediately in writing, in substantially the form of Exhibit B-2 hereto, specifying therein the requested (i) date of such Borrowing, (ii) Local Currency of such Borrowing, (iii) Interest Period for such Borrowing and (iv) aggregate amount of such Borrowing. (b) Subject to any alternative procedures set forth in the Local Currency Addendum, each Local Currency Bank, for the account of its Applicable Lending Office, shall make such Local Currency Bank’s ratable portion of such Local Currency Borrowing on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Agent (or in the case of a Same Day Local Currency Advance, the Local Currency Agent) by the time specified in the Local Currency Addendum or Notice of Local Currency Borrowing, and the Agent (or in the case of a Same Day Local Currency Advance, the Local Currency Agent) shall make such funds available to CIF at the applicable Payment Office. (c) Each Notice of Local Currency Borrowing shall be irrevocable and binding on CFSC and CIF. CFSC and CIF, jointly and severally, shall indemnify each Local Currency Bank against any loss, cost or expense reasonably incurred by such Local Currency Bank as a result of any failure to fulfill on or before the date specified in such Notice of Local Currency Borrowing for such Local Currency Borrowing the applicable conditions set forth in Article III , including, without limitation, any loss, cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by such Local Currency Bank to fund the Local Currency Advance to be made by such Local Currency Bank as part of such Local Currency Borrowing when such Local Currency Advance, as a result of such failure, is not made on such date. (d) Unless the Agent (or, in the case of a Same Day Local Currency Advance, the Local Currency Agent) shall have received notice from a Local Currency Bank prior to the time of any Local Currency Borrowing that such Local Currency Bank will not make available to the Agent or the Local Currency Agent, as applicable, such Local Currency Bank’s ratable portion of such Local Currency Borrowing, the Agent or the Local Currency Agent, as applicable, may assume that such Local Currency Bank has made such portion available to it on the date of such Local Currency Borrowing in accordance with subsection (b) of this Section 2.03B and it may, in reliance upon such assumption, make (but shall not be required to make) available to CIF on such date a corresponding amount. If and to the extent that such Local Currency Bank shall not have so made such ratable portion available to the Agent (or, in the case of a Same Day Local Currency Advance, the Local Currency Agent), such Local Currency Bank and CIF severally agree to repay to the Agent (or, in the case of a Same Day Local Currency Advance, the Local Currency Agent) forthwith on demand such corresponding amount together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is made available to CIF until the 30 date such amount is repaid to the Agent (or, in the case of a Same Day Local Currency Advance, the Local Currency Agent) at (i) in the case of CIF, the interest rate applicable at the time to Local Currency Advances comprising such Local Currency Borrowing and (ii) in the case of such Local Currency Bank, the Federal Funds Rate or the Agent’s (or, in the case of a Same Day Local Currency Advance, the Local Currency Agent’s) overdraft cost, if higher. If such Local Currency Bank shall repay to the Agent (or, in the case of a Same Day Local Currency Advance, the Local Currency Agent) such corresponding amount, such amount so repaid shall constitute such Local Currency Bank’s Local Currency Advance as part of such Local Currency Borrowing for purposes of this Agreement. (e) The failure of any Local Currency Bank to make the Local Currency Advance to be made by it as part of any Local Currency Borrowing shall not relieve any other Local Currency Bank of its obligation hereunder to make its Local Currency Advance on the date of such Local Currency Borrowing, but no Local Currency Bank shall be responsible for the failure of any other Local Currency Bank to make the Local Currency Advance to be made by such other Local Currency Bank on the date of any Local Currency Borrowing. SECTION 2.03C. Terms of Japan Local Currency Facility . (a) The Japan Local Currency Addendum sets forth (i) the maximum amount (expressed in Dollar Amount) available to be borrowed from all Japan Local Currency Banks under the Japan Local Currency Addendum (the “ Total Japan Local Currency Commitment ”), which shall not exceed $100,000,000 and (ii) with respect to each Japan Local Currency Bank, the maximum amount (expressed in Dollar Amount) available to be borrowed from such Japan Local Currency Bank thereunder (such Bank’s “ Japan Local Currency Commitment ”). In no event shall a Japan Local Currency Bank’s Japan Local Currency Commitment (or, if such Japan Local Currency Bank is also a Local Currency Bank, the sum of its Japan Local Currency Commitment and its Local Currency Commitment) at any time exceed such Bank’s Commitment. (b) No Japan Local Currency Advance may be made if the Dollar Amount of (i) outstanding Japan Local Currency Advances would exceed the Total Japan Local Currency Commitment, (ii) any Japan Local Currency Bank’s Japan Local Currency Advances would exceed its Japan Local Currency Commitment, (iii) the outstanding Advances would exceed the Total Commitment, (iv) the Revolving Credit Obligations would exceed the Total Revolving Credit Commitment, (v) any Bank’s Revolving Credit Advances, Local Currency Advances and Japan Local Currency Advances would exceed such Bank’s Commitment, (vi) all Revolving Credit Advances to CFSC plus the Dollar Amount of all Local Currency Advances and Japan Local Currency Advances would exceed CFSC’s Allocation at such time, or (vii) any Bank’s Revolving Credit Advances to CFSC plus such Bank’s Local Currency Advances and Japan Local Currency Advances at such time would exceed such Bank’s Allocated Commitment for CFSC at such time. (c) CFKK and the Japan Local Currency Agent shall furnish to the Agent, promptly following the making, payment or prepayment of each Japan Local Currency Advance, and at any other time at the reasonable request of the Agent, a statement setting forth the outstanding Japan Local Currency Advances made under the Japan Local Currency Addendum. 31 (d) CFKK and the Japan Local Currency Agent shall furnish to the Agent copies of any amendment, supplement or other modification to the terms of the Japan Local Currency Addendum promptly after the effectiveness thereof. (e) CFSC and CFKK may terminate the Japan Local Currency Addendum in their sole discretion if there are not any Advances outstanding thereunder, by written notice to the Agent, the Japan Local Currency Agent and the Japan Local Currency Banks, which notice shall be executed by CFSC, CFKK and, if such consent is required, each Japan Local Currency Bank. SECTION 2.03D. Making the Japan Local Currency Advances . (a) Each Japan Local Currency Borrowing shall be made on a Business Day upon notice given by CFKK to the Japan Local Currency Agent, with a copy to the Agent, such notice to be given at the time specified in the Japan Local Currency Addendum. Each Japan Local Currency Borrowing shall be in an aggregate Dollar Amount not less than $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof and shall consist of Japan Local Currency Advances of the same Type made on the same day to CFKK by the Japan Local Currency Banks ratably according to their respective Japan Local Currency Commitments. The Japan Local Currency Agent shall give each Japan Local Currency Bank prompt notice thereof by facsimile or electronic mail. Each such notice of a Japan Local Currency Borrowing (a “ Notice of Japan Local Currency Borrowing ”) shall be by facsimile or electronic mail, confirmed immediately in writing, in substantially the form of Exhibit B-3 hereto, specifying therein the requested (i) date of such Borrowing, (ii) Type of Japan Local Currency Advances comprising such Japan Local Currency Borrowing, (iii) Interest Period for such Borrowing and (iv) aggregate amount of such Borrowing. (b) Subject to any alternative procedures set forth in the Japan Local Currency Addendum, each Japan Local Currency Bank, for the account of its Applicable Lending Office, shall make such Japan Local Currency Bank’s ratable portion of such Japan Local Currency Borrowing on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Japan Local Currency Agent by the time specified in the Japan Local Currency Addendum or Notice of Japan Local Currency Borrowing, and the Japan Local Currency Agent shall make such funds available to CFKK at the applicable Payment Office. (c) Each Notice of Japan Local Currency Borrowing shall be irrevocable and binding on CFSC and CFKK. CFSC and CFKK, jointly and severally, shall indemnify each Japan Local Currency Bank against any loss, cost or expense reasonably incurred by such Japan Local Currency Bank as a result of any failure to fulfill on or before the date specified in such Notice of Japan Local Currency Borrowing for such Japan Local Currency Borrowing the applicable conditions set forth in Article III , including, without limitation, any loss, cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by such Japan Local Currency Bank to fund the Japan Local Currency Advance to be made by such Japan Local Currency Bank as part of such Japan Local Currency Borrowing when such Japan Local Currency Advance, as a result of such failure, is not made on such date. (d) Unless the Japan Local Currency Agent shall have received notice from a Japan Local Currency Bank prior to the date of any Japan Local Currency Borrowing that such 32 Japan Local Currency Bank will not make available to the Japan Local Currency Agent such Japan Local Currency Bank’s ratable portion of such Japan Local Currency Borrowing, the Japan Local Currency Agent may assume that such Japan Local Currency Bank has made such portion available to it on the date of such Japan Local Currency Borrowing in accordance with subsection (b) of this Section 2.03D and it may, in reliance upon such assumption, make (but shall not be required to make) available to CFKK on such date a corresponding amount. If and to the extent that such Japan Local Currency Bank shall not have so made such ratable portion available to the Japan Local Currency Agent, such Japan Local Currency Bank and CFKK severally agree to repay to the Japan Local Currency Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is made available to CFKK until the date such amount is repaid to the Japan Local Currency Agent at (i) in the case of CFKK, the interest rate applicable at the time to Japan Local Currency Advances comprising such Japan Local Currency Borrowing and (ii) in the case of such Japan Local Currency Bank, the Federal Funds Rate or the Japan Local Currency Agent’s overdraft cost, if higher. If such Japan Local Currency Bank shall repay to the Japan Local Currency Agent such corresponding amount, such amount so repaid shall constitute such Japan Local Currency Bank’s Japan Local Currency Advance as part of such Japan Local Currency Borrowing for purposes of this Agreement. (e) The failure of any Japan Local Currency Bank to make the Japan Local Currency Advance to be made by it as part of any Japan Local Currency Borrowing shall not relieve any other Japan Local Currency Bank of its obligation hereunder to make its Japan Local Currency Advance on the date of such Japan Local Currency Borrowing, but no Japan Local Currency Bank shall be responsible for the failure of any other Japan Local Currency Bank to make the Japan Local Currency Advance to be made by such other Japan Local Currency Bank on the date of any Japan Local Currency Borrowing. SECTION 2.04. Fees . (a) Each of Caterpillar and CFSC shall pay to the Agent, for the account of each Bank, a fee (each a “ Commitment Fee ” and collectively, the “ Commitment Fees ”) calculated on a daily basis by multiplying the Commitment Fee Rate in effect on each day by (i) for any period prior to the Term Loan Effective Date, the amount of such Bank’s unused Allocated Commitment for such Borrower as in effect on such day or (ii) for any period from and including the Term Loan Effective Date, the amount of such Bank’s Term Loan Advances to such Borrower. The Commitment Fee shall be payable quarterly in arrears, commencing on January 2, 2018, for the period commencing on the Closing Date and ending on December 31, 2017, inclusive, on the first Business Day of each calendar quarter thereafter for the period of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, and on the Facility Termination Date for the period since the last payment of Commitment Fees. The “ Commitment Fee Rate ,” as of any date of determination, shall at all times be determined in accordance with the table set forth on Schedule II hereto, such rate to change for any Borrower when and as any Credit Rating of such Borrower changes. The Commitment Fees allocable to each of Caterpillar and CFSC shall be the several obligation of each. (b) The Borrowers shall pay (i) to the Agent, solely for its own account, the fees specified in the Administrative Agent Fee Letter, dated July 17, 2017, among the Borrowers, CGMI and the Agent and (ii) to the Agent, for the ratable account of each Bank, or to each Arranger, for their own separate accounts, as applicable, the fees specified in the Joint Fee 33 Letter, in each case on the dates specified therein. No Person other than the Agent, Citibank, Bank of America, JPMorgan and the Arrangers, as applicable, shall have any interest in such fees. SECTION 2.05. Reduction of the Commitments; Bank Additions . (a) Subject to Section 2.18(c) , the Borrowers shall have the right, upon at least three (3) Business Days’ notice to the Agent, to terminate in whole or reduce ratably in part the unused portions of the respective Commitments and Allocated Commitments of the Banks; provided that the aggregate amount of the Allocated Commitments of the Banks to (i) Caterpillar shall not be reduced to an amount which is less than the aggregate principal Dollar Amount of the Advances to Caterpillar then outstanding and (ii) CFSC shall not be reduced to an amount which is less than the sum of the aggregate principal Dollar Amount of the Advances to CFSC and the Local Currency Advances and Japan Local Currency Advances then outstanding, and provided , further , that each partial reduction shall be in the aggregate amount of $5,000,000 or an integral multiple thereof. Any such reduction of each Bank’s Commitment will be an a

[truncated for catalog pipeline]