Exhibit 99.01 Cadence Reports Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results SAN JOSE, Calif. — July 24, 2017 — Cadence Design Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ: CDNS) today announced results for the second quarter 2017. Cadence reported second quarter 2017 revenue of $479 million, compared to revenue of $453 million reported for the same period in 2016. On a GAAP basis, Cadence recognized net income of $69 million, or $0.25 per share on a diluted basis, in the second quarter of 2017, compared to net income of $49 million, or $0.17 per share on a diluted basis, for the same period in 2016. Using the non-GAAP measure defined below, net income in the second quarter of 2017 was $94 million, or $0.34 per share on a diluted basis, as compared to net income of $86 million, or $0.29 per share on a diluted basis, for the same period in 2016. “Customer adoption of our innovative product portfolio enabled Cadence's strong second quarter results, driven by robust software and IP growth,” said Lip-Bu Tan, president and chief executive officer. “Our excellent financial results for the second quarter were highlighted with revenue near the high end of our guidance range and operating margin, EPS and operating cash flow all exceeding expectations,” said Geoff Ribar, senior vice president and chief financial officer, and added, “We are increasing our outlook for the fiscal year and expect to repurchase shares in the third quarter under our existing authorization.” CFO Commentary Commentary on the second quarter 2017 financial results by Geoff Ribar, senior vice president and chief financial officer, is available at www.cadence.com/cadence/investor_relations. Business Outlook For the third quarter of 2017, the company expects total revenue in the range of $475 million to $485 million. Third quarter GAAP net income per diluted share is expected to be in the range of $0.24 to $0.26. Net income per diluted share using the non-GAAP measure defined below is expected to be in the range of $0.33 to $0.35. For 2017, the company expects total revenue in the range of $1.910 billion to $1.950 billion. On a GAAP basis, net income per diluted share for 2017 is expected to be in the range of $0.98 to $1.04. Using the non-GAAP measure defined below, net income per diluted share for 2017 is expected to be in the range of $1.36 to $1.42. A schedule showing a reconciliation of the business outlook from GAAP net income and diluted net income per share to non-GAAP net income and diluted net income per share is included in this release. Audio Webcast Scheduled Lip-Bu Tan, president and chief executive officer, Geoff Ribar, senior vice president and chief financial officer, and John Wall, corporate vice president, finance and corporate controller, will host a second quarter 2017 financial results audio webcast today, July 24, 2017, at 2 p.m. (Pacific) / 5 p.m. (Eastern). Attendees are asked to register at the website at least 10 minutes prior to the scheduled webcast. An archive of the webcast will be available starting July 24, 2017 at 5 p.m. (Pacific) and ending September 15, 2017 at 5 p.m. (Pacific). Webcast access is available at www.cadence.com/cadence/investor_relations. About Cadence Cadence enables electronic systems and semiconductor companies to create the innovative end products that are transforming the way people live, work and play. Cadence ® software, hardware and semiconductor IP are used by customers to deliver products to market faster. The company’s System Design Enablement strategy helps customers develop differentiated products-from chips to boards to systems-in mobile, consumer, cloud datacenter, automotive, aerospace, IoT, industrial and other market segments. Cadence is listed as one of Fortune Magazine's 100 Best Companies to Work For. Learn more at cadence.com . Cadence and the Cadence logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Cadence Design Systems, Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. The statements contained above regarding Cadence’s second quarter 2017 financial results and expectation to repurchase shares of its common stock, as well as the information in the Business Outlook section, are or include forward-looking statements based on current expectations or beliefs and preliminary assumptions about future events that are subject to factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are outside Cadence’s control, including, among others: (i) Cadence’s ability to compete successfully in the electronic design automation product and the commercial electronic design and methodology services industries; (ii) the success of Cadence’s efforts to improve operational efficiency and growth; (iii) the mix of products and services sold and the timing of significant orders for Cadence’s products; (iv) change in customer demands, including those resulting from consolidation among Cadence’s customers and the possibility that the restructurings and other efforts to improve operational efficiency of Cadence’s customers could result in delays in purchases of Cadence’s products and services; (v) economic and industry conditions in regions in which Cadence does business; (vi) fluctuations in rates of exchange between the U.S. dollar and the currencies of other countries in which Cadence does business; (vii) capital expenditure requirements, legislative or regulatory requirements, interest rates and Cadence’s ability to access capital and debt markets; (viii) the acquisition of other companies or technologies or the failure to successfully integrate and operate these companies or technologies Cadence acquires, including the potential inability to retain customers, key employees or vendors; (ix) the effects of Cadence’s efforts to improve operational efficiency in its business, including strategic, customer and supplier relationships, and its ability to retain key employees; (x) events that affect cash flow, liquidity, reserves or settlement assumptions Cadence may take from time to time with respect to accounts receivable, taxes and tax examinations, litigation or other matters; and (xi) the effects of any litigation or other proceedings to which Cadence is or may become a party. In addition, the actual timing and amount of Cadence's repurchase of its common stock under the existing authorization will be subject to business and market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, acquisition opportunities and other factors. For a detailed discussion of these and other cautionary statements related to Cadence’s business, please refer to Cadence’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, which include Cadence’s most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including Cadence’s future filings. GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation Non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered as a substitute for or superior to measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. Investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures contained within this press release with their most directly comparable GAAP financial results. Investors are also encouraged to look at the GAAP results as the best measure of financial performance. To supplement Cadence’s financial results presented on a GAAP basis, Cadence management uses non-GAAP measures that it believes are helpful in understanding Cadence’s performance. One such measure is non-GAAP net income, which is a financial measure not calculated under GAAP. Non-GAAP net income is calculated by Cadence management by taking GAAP net income and excluding, as applicable, amortization of intangible assets, stock-based compensation expense, acquisition and integration-related costs including retention expenses, investment gains or losses, income or expenses related to Cadence’s non-qualified deferred compensation plan, restructuring and other significant items not directly related to Cadence’s core business operations, and the income tax effect of non-GAAP pre-tax adjustments. Cadence’s management uses non-GAAP net income because it excludes items that are generally not directly related to the performance of the company’s core business operations and therefore provides supplemental information to Cadence’s management and investors regarding the performance of the business operations, facilitates comparisons to the historical operating results and allows the review of Cadence’s business from the same perspective as Cadence’s management, including forecasting and budgeting. The following tables reconcile the specific items excluded from GAAP net income and GAAP net income per diluted share in the calculation of non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP net income per diluted share for the periods shown below: Net Income Reconciliation Three Months Ended July 1, 2017 July 2, 2016 (unaudited) (in thousands) Net income on a GAAP basis $ 69,127 $ 49,335 Amortization of acquired intangibles 14,704 15,083 Stock-based compensation expense 30,482 25,356 Non-qualified deferred compensation expenses 756 359 Restructuring and other charges (credits) (929 ) (74 ) Acquisition and integration-related costs 651 7,190 Other income or expense related to investments and non-qualified deferred compensation plan assets* (855 ) (594 ) Income tax effect of non-GAAP adjustments (19,861 ) (11,053 ) Net income on a non-GAAP basis $ 94,075 $ 85,602 * Includes, as applicable, equity in losses or income from investments, write-down of investments, gains or losses on sale of investments and gains or losses on non-qualified deferred compensation plan assets recorded in other income or expense. Diluted Net Income per Share Reconciliation Three Months Ended July 1, 2017 July 2, 2016 (unaudited) (in thousands, except per share data) Diluted net income per share on a GAAP basis $ 0.25 $ 0.17 Amortization of acquired intangibles 0.05 0.05 Stock-based compensation expense 0.11 0.09 Non-qualified deferred compensation expenses — — Restructuring and other charges (credits) — — Acquisition and integration-related costs — 0.02 Other income or expense related to investments and non-qualified deferred compensation plan assets* — — Income tax effect of non-GAAP adjustments (0.07 ) (0.04 ) Diluted net income per share on a non-GAAP basis $ 0.34 $ 0.29 Shares used in calculation of diluted net income per share — GAAP** 279,526 295,201 Shares used in calculation of diluted net income per share — non-GAAP** 279,526 295,201 * Includes, as applicable, equity in losses or income from investments, write-down of investments, gains or losses on sale of investments and gains or losses on non-qualified deferred compensation plan assets recorded in other income or expense. ** Shares used in the calculation of GAAP net income per share are expected to be the same as shares used in the calculation of non-GAAP net income per share, except when the company reports a GAAP net loss and non-GAAP net income, or GAAP net income and a non-GAAP net loss. Cadence expects that its corporate representatives will meet privately during the quarter with investors, the media, investment analysts and others. At these meetings, Cadence may reiterate the business outlook published in this press release. At the same time, Cadence will keep this press release, including the business outlook, publicly available on its website. Prior to the start of the Quiet Period (described below), the public may continue to rely on the business outlook contained herein as still being Cadence’s current expectations on matters covered unless Cadence publishes a notice stating otherwise. Beginning September 15, 2017, Cadence will observe a Quiet Period during which the business outlook as provided in this press release and the most recent Annual Report on Form…