Exhibit 99.2 Philip Morris International Inc. 2017 Fourth-Quarter and Full-Year Results Conference Call February 8, 2018 NICK ROLLI (SLIDE 1.) Welcome. Thank you for joining us. Earlier today, we issued a press release containing detailed information on our 2017 fourth-quarter and full-year results. You may access the release on www.pmi.com or the PMI Investor Relations App. (SLIDE 2.) During our call today, please note the following unless otherwise stated. First, we will be talking about results for the fourth quarter and full-year 2017, and comparing them to the same period in 2016. Second, references to total industry, total market, PMI volume and PMI market share performance reflect cigarettes and heated tobacco units. A glossary of terms, adjustments and other calculations, as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures, are at the end of today’s webcast slides, which are posted on our website. Reduced-risk products, or “RRPs,” is the term we use to refer to products that present, are likely to present, or have the potential to present less risk of harm to smokers who switch to these products versus continued smoking. (SLIDE 3.) Today’s remarks contain forward-looking statements and projections of future results. I direct your attention to the Forward-Looking and Cautionary Statements disclosure in today’s presentation and press release for a review of the various factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from projections or forward-looking statements. It’s now my pleasure to introduce André Calantzopoulos, our Chief Executive Officer. Martin King, our Chief Financial Officer, will join André for the question and answer period. André. 1 ANDRÉ CALANTZOPOULOS (SLIDE 4.) Thank you, Nick, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen. Before I get into a discussion of our 2017 results, let me share my thoughts on last month's Tobacco Product Scientific Advisory Committee (TPSAC) meeting in the U.S., which I recognize is top of mind for investors. For reference, we have posted our full presentation to the Committee on www.pmiscience.com. The meeting was part of the U.S. Food & Drug Administration’s (FDA) review of PMI’s request to commercialize IQOS in the U.S. as a Modified Risk Tobacco Product (MRTP). To advise the FDA on PMI’s applications, the Committee covered a wide range of scientific, technical, and consumer-communications topics. It raised questions and probed the likelihood and magnitude of potential benefits, as well as how best to address possible unintended use. We believe the Committee’s interactions with presenters and its discussion reflected respect for the integrity of our scientific data and our commitment to bring IQOS to the U.S. Although the Committee did not agree with some of the specific language related to consumer communications, it confirmed that the evidence supported the statement that switching completely to IQOS significantly reduces exposure to harmful chemicals. The meeting with TPSAC was just one step in a broader, on-going review of our MRTP applications by the FDA, and the recommendations and votes of the Committee, while important, are advisory. In order to make a final decision, the FDA will now consider the topics discussed at the meeting, including public comments, along with the totality of the evidence we submitted and additional information we had already planned to submit. In the immediate future, we look forward to working with the FDA to clarify any outstanding points, while recognizing that some questions can only be realistically answered in a post-market scenario. In this regard, in 2018 we will complete an exposure response study designed to measure clinical risk markers in adult smokers who switch to IQOS over a 12-month period. The results of the first six-month term were received at the end of 2017, and the related report is under preparation. We expect to submit the report to the FDA in May. Separately, PMI has submitted a Pre-Market Tobacco Application (PMTA) to the FDA which, if granted, [truncated for catalog pipeline]

Item 2.02. Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On February 8, 2018, Philip Morris International Inc. (the “Company”) issued a press release announcing its financial results for the quarter ended December 31, 2017 and the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017. The earnings release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference to this